caddie                                  :S:Nom:                   caddie
caddien                                 :S:Gen:                   caddie
caddiea                                 :S:Par:                   caddie
caddiessa                               :S:Ine:                   caddie
caddiesta                               :S:Ela:                   caddie
caddieen                                :S:Ill:                   caddie
caddiella                               :S:Ade:                   caddie
caddielta                               :S:Abl:                   caddie
caddielle                               :S:All:                   caddie
caddiena                                :S:Ess:                   caddie
caddieksi                               :S:Tra:                   caddie
caddietta                               :S:Abe:                   caddie
caddiet                                 :P:Nom:                   caddie
caddiejen                               :P:Gen:                   caddie
caddiein                                :P:Gen:                   caddie
caddieja                                :P:Par:                   caddie
caddieissa                              :P:Ine:                   caddie
caddieista                              :P:Ela:                   caddie
caddieihin                              :P:Ill:                   caddie
caddieilla                              :P:Ade:                   caddie
caddieilta                              :P:Abl:                   caddie
caddieille                              :P:All:                   caddie
caddieina                               :P:Ess:                   caddie
caddieiksi                              :P:Tra:                   caddie
caddiein                                :P:Ins:                   caddie
caddieitta                              :P:Abe:                   caddie
caddieine                               :P:Kom:                   caddie
caddie                                  :S:Nom:                   caddie
caddien                                 :S:Gen:                   caddie
caddieta                                :S:Par:                   caddie
caddiessa                               :S:Ine:                   caddie
caddiesta                               :S:Ela:                   caddie
caddieon                                :S:Ill:                   caddie
caddiella                               :S:Ade:                   caddie
caddielta                               :S:Abl:                   caddie
caddielle                               :S:All:                   caddie
caddiena                                :S:Ess:                   caddie
caddieksi                               :S:Tra:                   caddie
caddietta                               :S:Abe:                   caddie
caddiet                                 :P:Nom:                   caddie
caddieiden                              :P:Gen:                   caddie
caddieitten                             :P:Gen:                   caddie
caddieita                               :P:Par:                   caddie
caddieissa                              :P:Ine:                   caddie
caddieista                              :P:Ela:                   caddie
caddieihin                              :P:Ill:                   caddie
caddieilla                              :P:Ade:                   caddie
caddieilta                              :P:Abl:                   caddie
caddieille                              :P:All:                   caddie
caddieina                               :P:Ess:                   caddie
caddieiksi                              :P:Tra:                   caddie
caddiein                                :P:Ins:                   caddie
caddieitta                              :P:Abe:                   caddie
caddieine                               :P:Kom:                   caddie
cafeteria                               :S:Nom:                   cafeteria
cafeterian                              :S:Gen:                   cafeteria
cafeteriaa                              :S:Par:                   cafeteria
cafeteriassa                            :S:Ine:                   cafeteria
cafeteriasta                            :S:Ela:                   cafeteria
cafeteriaan                             :S:Ill:                   cafeteria
cafeterialla                            :S:Ade:                   cafeteria
cafeterialta                            :S:Abl:                   cafeteria
cafeterialle                            :S:All:                   cafeteria
cafeteriana                             :S:Ess:                   cafeteria
cafeteriaksi                            :S:Tra:                   cafeteria
cafeteriatta                            :S:Abe:                   cafeteria
cafeteriat                              :P:Nom:                   cafeteria
cafeterioiden                           :P:Gen:                   cafeteria
cafeterioitten                          :P:Gen:                   cafeteria
cafeteriain                             :P:Gen:                   cafeteria
cafeterioita                            :P:Par:                   cafeteria
cafeterioissa                           :P:Ine:                   cafeteria
cafeterioista                           :P:Ela:                   cafeteria
cafeterioihin                           :P:Ill:                   cafeteria
cafeterioilla                           :P:Ade:                   cafeteria
cafeterioilta                           :P:Abl:                   cafeteria
cafeterioille                           :P:All:                   cafeteria
cafeterioina                            :P:Ess:                   cafeteria
cafeterioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   cafeteria
cafeterioin                             :P:Ins:                   cafeteria
cafeterioitta                           :P:Abe:                   cafeteria
cafeterioine                            :P:Kom:                   cafeteria
calmetterokotus                         :S:Nom:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksen                      :S:Gen:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotusta                       :S:Par:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksessa                    :S:Ine:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksesta                    :S:Ela:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotukseen                     :S:Ill:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksella                    :S:Ade:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotukselta                    :S:Abl:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotukselle                    :S:All:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksena                     :S:Ess:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksetta                    :S:Abe:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotukset                      :P:Nom:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotusten                      :P:Gen:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksien                     :P:Gen:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksia                      :P:Par:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksista                    :P:Ela:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksille                    :P:All:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksina                     :P:Ess:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksin                      :P:Ins:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   calmetterokotus
calmetterokotuksine                     :P:Kom:                   calmetterokotus
calvadoi                                :S:Nom:                   calvados
calvadoin                               :S:Gen:                   calvados
calvadoia                               :S:Par:                   calvados
calvadoissa                             :S:Ine:                   calvados
calvadoista                             :S:Ela:                   calvados
calvadoiin                              :S:Ill:                   calvados
calvadoilla                             :S:Ade:                   calvados
calvadoilta                             :S:Abl:                   calvados
calvadoille                             :S:All:                   calvados
calvadoina                              :S:Ess:                   calvados
calvadoiksi                             :S:Tra:                   calvados
calvadoitta                             :S:Abe:                   calvados
calvadoit                               :P:Nom:                   calvados
calvadoien                              :P:Gen:                   calvados
calvadoeja                              :P:Par:                   calvados
calvadoeissa                            :P:Ine:                   calvados
calvadoeista                            :P:Ela:                   calvados
calvadoeihin                            :P:Ill:                   calvados
calvadoeilla                            :P:Ade:                   calvados
calvadoeilta                            :P:Abl:                   calvados
calvadoeille                            :P:All:                   calvados
calvadoeina                             :P:Ess:                   calvados
calvadoeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   calvados
calvadoein                              :P:Ins:                   calvados
calvadoeitta                            :P:Abe:                   calvados
calvadoeine                             :P:Kom:                   calvados
calypso                                 :S:Nom:                   calypso
calypson                                :S:Gen:                   calypso
calypsoa                                :S:Par:                   calypso
calypsossa                              :S:Ine:                   calypso
calypsosta                              :S:Ela:                   calypso
calypsoon                               :S:Ill:                   calypso
calypsolla                              :S:Ade:                   calypso
calypsolta                              :S:Abl:                   calypso
calypsolle                              :S:All:                   calypso
calypsona                               :S:Ess:                   calypso
calypsoksi                              :S:Tra:                   calypso
calypsotta                              :S:Abe:                   calypso
calypsot                                :P:Nom:                   calypso
calypsojen                              :P:Gen:                   calypso
calypsoiden                             :P:Gen:                   calypso
calypsoitten                            :P:Gen:                   calypso
calypsoja                               :P:Par:                   calypso
calypsoita                              :P:Par:                   calypso
calypsoissa                             :P:Ine:                   calypso
calypsoista                             :P:Ela:                   calypso
calypsoihin                             :P:Ill:                   calypso
calypsoilla                             :P:Ade:                   calypso
calypsoilta                             :P:Abl:                   calypso
calypsoille                             :P:All:                   calypso
calypsoina                              :P:Ess:                   calypso
calypsoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   calypso
calypsoin                               :P:Ins:                   calypso
calypsoitta                             :P:Abe:                   calypso
calypsoine                              :P:Kom:                   calypso
camemberi                               :S:Nom:                   camembert
camemberin                              :S:Gen:                   camembert
camemberia                              :S:Par:                   camembert
camemberissa                            :S:Ine:                   camembert
camemberista                            :S:Ela:                   camembert
camemberiin                             :S:Ill:                   camembert
camemberilla                            :S:Ade:                   camembert
camemberilta                            :S:Abl:                   camembert
camemberille                            :S:All:                   camembert
camemberina                             :S:Ess:                   camembert
camemberiksi                            :S:Tra:                   camembert
camemberitta                            :S:Abe:                   camembert
camemberit                              :P:Nom:                   camembert
camemberien                             :P:Gen:                   camembert
camembereja                             :P:Par:                   camembert
camembereissa                           :P:Ine:                   camembert
camembereista                           :P:Ela:                   camembert
camembereihin                           :P:Ill:                   camembert
camembereilla                           :P:Ade:                   camembert
camembereilta                           :P:Abl:                   camembert
camembereille                           :P:All:                   camembert
camembereina                            :P:Ess:                   camembert
camembereiksi                           :P:Tra:                   camembert
camemberein                             :P:Ins:                   camembert
camembereitta                           :P:Abe:                   camembert
camembereine                            :P:Kom:                   camembert
camembertinjuusto                       :S:Nom:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuuston                      :S:Gen:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoa                      :S:Par:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustossa                    :S:Ine:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustosta                    :S:Ela:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoon                     :S:Ill:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustolla                    :S:Ade:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustolta                    :S:Abl:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustolle                    :S:All:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustona                     :S:Ess:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoksi                    :S:Tra:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustotta                    :S:Abe:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustot                      :P:Nom:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustojen                    :P:Gen:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoja                     :P:Par:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoissa                   :P:Ine:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoista                   :P:Ela:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoihin                   :P:Ill:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoilla                   :P:Ade:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoilta                   :P:Abl:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoille                   :P:All:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoina                    :P:Ess:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoiksi                   :P:Tra:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoin                     :P:Ins:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoitta                   :P:Abe:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertinjuustoine                    :P:Kom:                   camembertinjuusto
camembertjuusto                         :S:Nom:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuuston                        :S:Gen:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoa                        :S:Par:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustossa                      :S:Ine:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustosta                      :S:Ela:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoon                       :S:Ill:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustolla                      :S:Ade:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustolta                      :S:Abl:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustolle                      :S:All:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustona                       :S:Ess:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoksi                      :S:Tra:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustotta                      :S:Abe:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustot                        :P:Nom:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustojen                      :P:Gen:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoja                       :P:Par:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoissa                     :P:Ine:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoista                     :P:Ela:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoihin                     :P:Ill:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoilla                     :P:Ade:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoilta                     :P:Abl:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoille                     :P:All:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoina                      :P:Ess:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoin                       :P:Ins:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoitta                     :P:Abe:                   camembertjuusto
camembertjuustoine                      :P:Kom:                   camembertjuusto
cameorooli                              :S:Nom:                   cameorooli
cameoroolin                             :S:Gen:                   cameorooli
cameoroolia                             :S:Par:                   cameorooli
cameoroolissa                           :S:Ine:                   cameorooli
cameoroolista                           :S:Ela:                   cameorooli
cameorooliin                            :S:Ill:                   cameorooli
cameoroolilla                           :S:Ade:                   cameorooli
cameoroolilta                           :S:Abl:                   cameorooli
cameoroolille                           :S:All:                   cameorooli
cameoroolina                            :S:Ess:                   cameorooli
cameorooliksi                           :S:Tra:                   cameorooli
cameoroolitta                           :S:Abe:                   cameorooli
cameoroolit                             :P:Nom:                   cameorooli
cameoroolien                            :P:Gen:                   cameorooli
cameorooleja                            :P:Par:                   cameorooli
cameorooleissa                          :P:Ine:                   cameorooli
cameorooleista                          :P:Ela:                   cameorooli
cameorooleihin                          :P:Ill:                   cameorooli
cameorooleilla                          :P:Ade:                   cameorooli
cameorooleilta                          :P:Abl:                   cameorooli
cameorooleille                          :P:All:                   cameorooli
cameorooleina                           :P:Ess:                   cameorooli
cameorooleiksi                          :P:Tra:                   cameorooli
cameoroolein                            :P:Ins:                   cameorooli
cameorooleitta                          :P:Abe:                   cameorooli
cameorooleine                           :P:Kom:                   cameorooli
campini                                 :S:Nom:                   camping
campinin                                :S:Gen:                   camping
campinia                                :S:Par:                   camping
campinissa                              :S:Ine:                   camping
campinista                              :S:Ela:                   camping
campiniin                               :S:Ill:                   camping
campinilla                              :S:Ade:                   camping
campinilta                              :S:Abl:                   camping
campinille                              :S:All:                   camping
campinina                               :S:Ess:                   camping
campiniksi                              :S:Tra:                   camping
campinitta                              :S:Abe:                   camping
campinit                                :P:Nom:                   camping
campinien                               :P:Gen:                   camping
campineja                               :P:Par:                   camping
campineissa                             :P:Ine:                   camping
campineista                             :P:Ela:                   camping
campineihin                             :P:Ill:                   camping
campineilla                             :P:Ade:                   camping
campineilta                             :P:Abl:                   camping
campineille                             :P:All:                   camping
campineina                              :P:Ess:                   camping
campineiksi                             :P:Tra:                   camping
campinein                               :P:Ins:                   camping
campineitta                             :P:Abe:                   camping
campineine                              :P:Kom:                   camping
campus                                  :S:Nom:                   campus
campuksen                               :S:Gen:                   campus
campusta                                :S:Par:                   campus
campuksessa                             :S:Ine:                   campus
campuksesta                             :S:Ela:                   campus
campukseen                              :S:Ill:                   campus
campuksella                             :S:Ade:                   campus
campukselta                             :S:Abl:                   campus
campukselle                             :S:All:                   campus
campuksena                              :S:Ess:                   campus
campukseksi                             :S:Tra:                   campus
campuksetta                             :S:Abe:                   campus
campukset                               :P:Nom:                   campus
campusten                               :P:Gen:                   campus
campuksien                              :P:Gen:                   campus
campuksia                               :P:Par:                   campus
campuksissa                             :P:Ine:                   campus
campuksista                             :P:Ela:                   campus
campuksiin                              :P:Ill:                   campus
campuksilla                             :P:Ade:                   campus
campuksilta                             :P:Abl:                   campus
campuksille                             :P:All:                   campus
campuksina                              :P:Ess:                   campus
campuksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   campus
campuksin                               :P:Ins:                   campus
campuksitta                             :P:Abe:                   campus
campuksine                              :P:Kom:                   campus
canasta                                 :S:Nom:                   canasta
canastan                                :S:Gen:                   canasta
canastaa                                :S:Par:                   canasta
canastassa                              :S:Ine:                   canasta
canastasta                              :S:Ela:                   canasta
canastaan                               :S:Ill:                   canasta
canastalla                              :S:Ade:                   canasta
canastalta                              :S:Abl:                   canasta
canastalle                              :S:All:                   canasta
canastana                               :S:Ess:                   canasta
canastaksi                              :S:Tra:                   canasta
canastatta                              :S:Abe:                   canasta
canastat                                :P:Nom:                   canasta
canastojen                              :P:Gen:                   canasta
canastain                               :P:Gen:                   canasta
canastoja                               :P:Par:                   canasta
canastoissa                             :P:Ine:                   canasta
canastoista                             :P:Ela:                   canasta
canastoihin                             :P:Ill:                   canasta
canastoilla                             :P:Ade:                   canasta
canastoilta                             :P:Abl:                   canasta
canastoille                             :P:All:                   canasta
canastoina                              :P:Ess:                   canasta
canastoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   canasta
canastoin                               :P:Ins:                   canasta
canastoitta                             :P:Abe:                   canasta
canastoine                              :P:Kom:                   canasta
cancai                                  :S:Nom:                   cancan
cancain                                 :S:Gen:                   cancan
cancaia                                 :S:Par:                   cancan
cancaissa                               :S:Ine:                   cancan
cancaista                               :S:Ela:                   cancan
cancaiin                                :S:Ill:                   cancan
cancailla                               :S:Ade:                   cancan
cancailta                               :S:Abl:                   cancan
cancaille                               :S:All:                   cancan
cancaina                                :S:Ess:                   cancan
cancaiksi                               :S:Tra:                   cancan
cancaitta                               :S:Abe:                   cancan
cancait                                 :P:Nom:                   cancan
cancaien                                :P:Gen:                   cancan
cancaeja                                :P:Par:                   cancan
cancaeissa                              :P:Ine:                   cancan
cancaeista                              :P:Ela:                   cancan
cancaeihin                              :P:Ill:                   cancan
cancaeilla                              :P:Ade:                   cancan
cancaeilta                              :P:Abl:                   cancan
cancaeille                              :P:All:                   cancan
cancaeina                               :P:Ess:                   cancan
cancaeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   cancan
cancaein                                :P:Ins:                   cancan
cancaeitta                              :P:Abe:                   cancan
cancaeine                               :P:Kom:                   cancan
cannelloni                              :S:Nom:                   cannelloni
cannellonin                             :S:Gen:                   cannelloni
cannellonia                             :S:Par:                   cannelloni
cannellonissa                           :S:Ine:                   cannelloni
cannellonista                           :S:Ela:                   cannelloni
cannelloniin                            :S:Ill:                   cannelloni
cannellonilla                           :S:Ade:                   cannelloni
cannellonilta                           :S:Abl:                   cannelloni
cannellonille                           :S:All:                   cannelloni
cannellonina                            :S:Ess:                   cannelloni
cannelloniksi                           :S:Tra:                   cannelloni
cannellonitta                           :S:Abe:                   cannelloni
cannellonit                             :P:Nom:                   cannelloni
cannellonien                            :P:Gen:                   cannelloni
cannelloneja                            :P:Par:                   cannelloni
cannelloneissa                          :P:Ine:                   cannelloni
cannelloneista                          :P:Ela:                   cannelloni
cannelloneihin                          :P:Ill:                   cannelloni
cannelloneilla                          :P:Ade:                   cannelloni
cannelloneilta                          :P:Abl:                   cannelloni
cannelloneille                          :P:All:                   cannelloni
cannelloneina                           :P:Ess:                   cannelloni
cannelloneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   cannelloni
cannellonein                            :P:Ins:                   cannelloni
cannelloneitta                          :P:Abe:                   cannelloni
cannelloneine                           :P:Kom:                   cannelloni
cappuccino                              :S:Nom:                   cappuccino
cappuccinon                             :S:Gen:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoa                             :S:Par:                   cappuccino
cappuccinossa                           :S:Ine:                   cappuccino
cappuccinosta                           :S:Ela:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoon                            :S:Ill:                   cappuccino
cappuccinolla                           :S:Ade:                   cappuccino
cappuccinolta                           :S:Abl:                   cappuccino
cappuccinolle                           :S:All:                   cappuccino
cappuccinona                            :S:Ess:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoksi                           :S:Tra:                   cappuccino
cappuccinotta                           :S:Abe:                   cappuccino
cappuccinot                             :P:Nom:                   cappuccino
cappuccinojen                           :P:Gen:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoja                            :P:Par:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoissa                          :P:Ine:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoista                          :P:Ela:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoihin                          :P:Ill:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoilla                          :P:Ade:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoilta                          :P:Abl:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoille                          :P:All:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoina                           :P:Ess:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoin                            :P:Ins:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoitta                          :P:Abe:                   cappuccino
cappuccinoine                           :P:Kom:                   cappuccino
casanova                                :S:Nom:                   casanova
casanovan                               :S:Gen:                   casanova
casanovaa                               :S:Par:                   casanova
casanovassa                             :S:Ine:                   casanova
casanovasta                             :S:Ela:                   casanova
casanovaan                              :S:Ill:                   casanova
casanovalla                             :S:Ade:                   casanova
casanovalta                             :S:Abl:                   casanova
casanovalle                             :S:All:                   casanova
casanovana                              :S:Ess:                   casanova
casanovaksi                             :S:Tra:                   casanova
casanovatta                             :S:Abe:                   casanova
casanovat                               :P:Nom:                   casanova
casanovien                              :P:Gen:                   casanova
casanovain                              :P:Gen:                   casanova
casanovia                               :P:Par:                   casanova
casanovissa                             :P:Ine:                   casanova
casanovista                             :P:Ela:                   casanova
casanoviin                              :P:Ill:                   casanova
casanovilla                             :P:Ade:                   casanova
casanovilta                             :P:Abl:                   casanova
casanoville                             :P:All:                   casanova
casanovina                              :P:Ess:                   casanova
casanoviksi                             :P:Tra:                   casanova
casanovin                               :P:Ins:                   casanova
casanovitta                             :P:Abe:                   casanova
casanovine                              :P:Kom:                   casanova
cashewpähkinä                           :S:Nom:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinän                          :S:Gen:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinää                          :S:Par:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinässä                        :S:Ine:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinästä                        :S:Ela:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinään                         :S:Ill:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinällä                        :S:Ade:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinältä                        :S:Abl:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinälle                        :S:All:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinänä                         :S:Ess:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinäksi                        :S:Tra:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinättä                        :S:Abe:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinät                          :P:Nom:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöiden                       :P:Gen:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöitten                      :P:Gen:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinäin                         :P:Gen:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöitä                        :P:Par:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöissä                       :P:Ine:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöistä                       :P:Ela:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöihin                       :P:Ill:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöillä                       :P:Ade:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöiltä                       :P:Abl:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöille                       :P:All:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöinä                        :P:Ess:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöin                         :P:Ins:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöittä                       :P:Abe:                   cashewpähkinä
cashewpähkinöine                        :P:Kom:                   cashewpähkinä
caterini                                :S:Nom:                   catering
caterinin                               :S:Gen:                   catering
caterinia                               :S:Par:                   catering
caterinissa                             :S:Ine:                   catering
caterinista                             :S:Ela:                   catering
cateriniin                              :S:Ill:                   catering
caterinilla                             :S:Ade:                   catering
caterinilta                             :S:Abl:                   catering
caterinille                             :S:All:                   catering
caterinina                              :S:Ess:                   catering
cateriniksi                             :S:Tra:                   catering
caterinitta                             :S:Abe:                   catering
caterinit                               :P:Nom:                   catering
caterinien                              :P:Gen:                   catering
caterineja                              :P:Par:                   catering
caterineissa                            :P:Ine:                   catering
caterineista                            :P:Ela:                   catering
caterineihin                            :P:Ill:                   catering
caterineilla                            :P:Ade:                   catering
caterineilta                            :P:Abl:                   catering
caterineille                            :P:All:                   catering
caterineina                             :P:Ess:                   catering
caterineiksi                            :P:Tra:                   catering
caterinein                              :P:Ins:                   catering
caterineitta                            :P:Abe:                   catering
caterineine                             :P:Kom:                   catering
cayennenpippuri                         :S:Nom:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurin                        :S:Gen:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippuria                        :S:Par:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurissa                      :S:Ine:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurista                      :S:Ela:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippuriin                       :S:Ill:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurilla                      :S:Ade:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurilta                      :S:Abl:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurille                      :S:All:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurina                       :S:Ess:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippuriksi                      :S:Tra:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippuritta                      :S:Abe:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurit                        :P:Nom:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurien                       :P:Gen:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureiden                     :P:Gen:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureitten                    :P:Gen:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureja                       :P:Par:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureita                      :P:Par:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureissa                     :P:Ine:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureista                     :P:Ela:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureihin                     :P:Ill:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureilla                     :P:Ade:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureilta                     :P:Abl:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureille                     :P:All:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureina                      :P:Ess:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureiksi                     :P:Tra:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippurein                       :P:Ins:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureitta                     :P:Abe:                   cayennenpippuri
cayennenpippureine                      :P:Kom:                   cayennenpippuri
CDlevy                                  :S:Nom:                   CD-levy
CDlevyn                                 :S:Gen:                   CD-levy
CDlevyä                                 :S:Par:                   CD-levy
CDlevyssä                               :S:Ine:                   CD-levy
CDlevystä                               :S:Ela:                   CD-levy
CDlevyyn                                :S:Ill:                   CD-levy
CDlevyllä                               :S:Ade:                   CD-levy
CDlevyltä                               :S:Abl:                   CD-levy
CDlevylle                               :S:All:                   CD-levy
CDlevynä                                :S:Ess:                   CD-levy
CDlevyksi                               :S:Tra:                   CD-levy
CDlevyttä                               :S:Abe:                   CD-levy
CDlevyt                                 :P:Nom:                   CD-levy
CDlevyjen                               :P:Gen:                   CD-levy
CDlevyjä                                :P:Par:                   CD-levy
CDlevyissä                              :P:Ine:                   CD-levy
CDlevyistä                              :P:Ela:                   CD-levy
CDlevyihin                              :P:Ill:                   CD-levy
CDlevyillä                              :P:Ade:                   CD-levy
CDlevyiltä                              :P:Abl:                   CD-levy
CDlevyille                              :P:All:                   CD-levy
CDlevyinä                               :P:Ess:                   CD-levy
CDlevyiksi                              :P:Tra:                   CD-levy
CDlevyin                                :P:Ins:                   CD-levy
CDlevyittä                              :P:Abe:                   CD-levy
CDlevyine                               :P:Kom:                   CD-levy
CD-levysoitin                           :S:Nom:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimen                        :S:Gen:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoitinta                         :S:Par:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimessa                      :S:Ine:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimesta                      :S:Ela:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimeen                       :S:Ill:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimella                      :S:Ade:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimelta                      :S:Abl:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimelle                      :S:All:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimena                       :S:Ess:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimeksi                      :S:Tra:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimetta                      :S:Abe:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimet                        :P:Nom:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimien                       :P:Gen:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoitinten                        :P:Gen:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimia                        :P:Par:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimissa                      :P:Ine:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimista                      :P:Ela:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimiin                       :P:Ill:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimilla                      :P:Ade:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimilta                      :P:Abl:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimille                      :P:All:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimina                       :P:Ess:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimiksi                      :P:Tra:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimin                        :P:Ins:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimitta                      :P:Abe:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-levysoittimine                       :P:Kom:                   CD-levysoitin
CD-ROi                                  :S:Nom:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROin                                 :S:Gen:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROiä                                 :S:Par:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROissä                               :S:Ine:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROistä                               :S:Ela:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROiin                                :S:Ill:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROillä                               :S:Ade:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROiltä                               :S:Abl:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROille                               :S:All:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROinä                                :S:Ess:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROiksi                               :S:Tra:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROittä                               :S:Abe:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROit                                 :P:Nom:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROien                                :P:Gen:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROejä                                :P:Par:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeissä                              :P:Ine:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeistä                              :P:Ela:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeihin                              :P:Ill:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeillä                              :P:Ade:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeiltä                              :P:Abl:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeille                              :P:All:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeinä                               :P:Ess:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROein                                :P:Ins:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeittä                              :P:Abe:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROeine                               :P:Kom:                   CD-ROM
CD-ROMasema                             :S:Nom:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMaseman                            :S:Gen:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemaa                            :S:Par:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemassa                          :S:Ine:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemasta                          :S:Ela:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemaan                           :S:Ill:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemalla                          :S:Ade:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemalta                          :S:Abl:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemalle                          :S:All:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemana                           :S:Ess:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemaksi                          :S:Tra:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasematta                          :S:Abe:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemat                            :P:Nom:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemien                           :P:Gen:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemain                           :P:Gen:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemia                            :P:Par:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemissa                          :P:Ine:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemista                          :P:Ela:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemiin                           :P:Ill:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemilla                          :P:Ade:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemilta                          :P:Abl:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemille                          :P:All:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemina                           :P:Ess:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemiksi                          :P:Tra:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemin                            :P:Ins:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemitta                          :P:Abe:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMasemine                           :P:Kom:                   CD-ROM-asema
CD-ROMlevy                              :S:Nom:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyn                             :S:Gen:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyä                             :S:Par:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyssä                           :S:Ine:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevystä                           :S:Ela:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyyn                            :S:Ill:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyllä                           :S:Ade:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyltä                           :S:Abl:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevylle                           :S:All:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevynä                            :S:Ess:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyksi                           :S:Tra:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyttä                           :S:Abe:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyt                             :P:Nom:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyjen                           :P:Gen:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyjä                            :P:Par:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyissä                          :P:Ine:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyistä                          :P:Ela:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyihin                          :P:Ill:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyillä                          :P:Ade:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyiltä                          :P:Abl:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyille                          :P:All:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyinä                           :P:Ess:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyiksi                          :P:Tra:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyin                            :P:Ins:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyittä                          :P:Abe:                   CD-ROM-levy
CD-ROMlevyine                           :P:Kom:                   CD-ROM-levy
CDsoitin                                :S:Nom:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimen                             :S:Gen:                   CD-soitin
CDsoitinta                              :S:Par:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimessa                           :S:Ine:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimesta                           :S:Ela:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimeen                            :S:Ill:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimella                           :S:Ade:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimelta                           :S:Abl:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimelle                           :S:All:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimena                            :S:Ess:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimeksi                           :S:Tra:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimetta                           :S:Abe:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimet                             :P:Nom:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimien                            :P:Gen:                   CD-soitin
CDsoitinten                             :P:Gen:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimia                             :P:Par:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimissa                           :P:Ine:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimista                           :P:Ela:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimiin                            :P:Ill:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimilla                           :P:Ade:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimilta                           :P:Abl:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimille                           :P:All:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimina                            :P:Ess:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimiksi                           :P:Tra:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimin                             :P:Ins:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimitta                           :P:Abe:                   CD-soitin
CDsoittimine                            :P:Kom:                   CD-soitin
celsiusaste                             :S:Nom:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteen                           :S:Gen:                   celsiusaste
celsiusastetta                          :S:Par:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteessa                         :S:Ine:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteesta                         :S:Ela:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteella                         :S:Ade:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteelta                         :S:Abl:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteelle                         :S:All:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteena                          :S:Ess:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteetta                         :S:Abe:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteet                           :P:Nom:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteiden                         :P:Gen:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteitten                        :P:Gen:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteita                          :P:Par:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteissa                         :P:Ine:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteista                         :P:Ela:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteihin                         :P:Ill:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteilla                         :P:Ade:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteilta                         :P:Abl:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteille                         :P:All:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteina                          :P:Ess:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   celsiusaste
celsiusastein                           :P:Ins:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteitta                         :P:Abe:                   celsiusaste
celsiusasteine                          :P:Kom:                   celsiusaste
cembalo                                 :S:Nom:                   cembalo
cembalon                                :S:Gen:                   cembalo
cembaloa                                :S:Par:                   cembalo
cembalossa                              :S:Ine:                   cembalo
cembalosta                              :S:Ela:                   cembalo
cembaloon                               :S:Ill:                   cembalo
cembalolla                              :S:Ade:                   cembalo
cembalolta                              :S:Abl:                   cembalo
cembalolle                              :S:All:                   cembalo
cembalona                               :S:Ess:                   cembalo
cembaloksi                              :S:Tra:                   cembalo
cembalotta                              :S:Abe:                   cembalo
cembalot                                :P:Nom:                   cembalo
cembalojen                              :P:Gen:                   cembalo
cembaloiden                             :P:Gen:                   cembalo
cembaloitten                            :P:Gen:                   cembalo
cembaloja                               :P:Par:                   cembalo
cembaloita                              :P:Par:                   cembalo
cembaloissa                             :P:Ine:                   cembalo
cembaloista                             :P:Ela:                   cembalo
cembaloihin                             :P:Ill:                   cembalo
cembaloilla                             :P:Ade:                   cembalo
cembaloilta                             :P:Abl:                   cembalo
cembaloille                             :P:All:                   cembalo
cembaloina                              :P:Ess:                   cembalo
cembaloiksi                             :P:Tra:                   cembalo
cembaloin                               :P:Ins:                   cembalo
cembaloitta                             :P:Abe:                   cembalo
cembaloine                              :P:Kom:                   cembalo
cesiui                                  :S:Nom:                   cesium
cesiuin                                 :S:Gen:                   cesium
cesiuia                                 :S:Par:                   cesium
cesiuissa                               :S:Ine:                   cesium
cesiuista                               :S:Ela:                   cesium
cesiuiin                                :S:Ill:                   cesium
cesiuilla                               :S:Ade:                   cesium
cesiuilta                               :S:Abl:                   cesium
cesiuille                               :S:All:                   cesium
cesiuina                                :S:Ess:                   cesium
cesiuiksi                               :S:Tra:                   cesium
cesiuitta                               :S:Abe:                   cesium
cesiuit                                 :P:Nom:                   cesium
cesiuien                                :P:Gen:                   cesium
cesiueja                                :P:Par:                   cesium
cesiueissa                              :P:Ine:                   cesium
cesiueista                              :P:Ela:                   cesium
cesiueihin                              :P:Ill:                   cesium
cesiueilla                              :P:Ade:                   cesium
cesiueilta                              :P:Abl:                   cesium
cesiueille                              :P:All:                   cesium
cesiueina                               :P:Ess:                   cesium
cesiueiksi                              :P:Tra:                   cesium
cesiuein                                :P:Ins:                   cesium
cesiueitta                              :P:Abe:                   cesium
cesiueine                               :P:Kom:                   cesium
cha-cha-cha                             :S:Nom:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chan                            :S:Gen:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chata                           :S:Par:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chassa                          :S:Ine:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chasta                          :S:Ela:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chahen                          :S:Ill:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-challa                          :S:Ade:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chalta                          :S:Abl:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-challe                          :S:All:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chana                           :S:Ess:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaksi                          :S:Tra:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chatta                          :S:Abe:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chat                            :P:Nom:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaiden                         :P:Gen:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaita                          :P:Par:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaissa                         :P:Ine:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaista                         :P:Ela:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaihin                         :P:Ill:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chailla                         :P:Ade:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chailta                         :P:Abl:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaille                         :P:All:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaina                          :P:Ess:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaiksi                         :P:Tra:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chain                           :P:Ins:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaitta                         :P:Abe:                   cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-chaine                          :P:Kom:                   cha-cha-cha
chansoi                                 :S:Nom:                   chanson
chansoin                                :S:Gen:                   chanson
chansoia                                :S:Par:                   chanson
chansoissa                              :S:Ine:                   chanson
chansoista                              :S:Ela:                   chanson
chansoiin                               :S:Ill:                   chanson
chansoilla                              :S:Ade:                   chanson
chansoilta                              :S:Abl:                   chanson
chansoille                              :S:All:                   chanson
chansoina                               :S:Ess:                   chanson
chansoiksi                              :S:Tra:                   chanson
chansoitta                              :S:Abe:                   chanson
chansoit                                :P:Nom:                   chanson
chansoien                               :P:Gen:                   chanson
chansoeiden                             :P:Gen:                   chanson
chansoeitten                            :P:Gen:                   chanson
chansoeja                               :P:Par:                   chanson
chansoeita                              :P:Par:                   chanson
chansoeissa                             :P:Ine:                   chanson
chansoeista                             :P:Ela:                   chanson
chansoeihin                             :P:Ill:                   chanson
chansoeilla                             :P:Ade:                   chanson
chansoeilta                             :P:Abl:                   chanson
chansoeille                             :P:All:                   chanson
chansoeina                              :P:Ess:                   chanson
chansoeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   chanson
chansoein                               :P:Ins:                   chanson
chansoeitta                             :P:Abe:                   chanson
chansoeine                              :P:Kom:                   chanson
charlestoi                              :S:Nom:                   charleston
charlestoin                             :S:Gen:                   charleston
charlestoia                             :S:Par:                   charleston
charlestoissa                           :S:Ine:                   charleston
charlestoista                           :S:Ela:                   charleston
charlestoiin                            :S:Ill:                   charleston
charlestoilla                           :S:Ade:                   charleston
charlestoilta                           :S:Abl:                   charleston
charlestoille                           :S:All:                   charleston
charlestoina                            :S:Ess:                   charleston
charlestoiksi                           :S:Tra:                   charleston
charlestoitta                           :S:Abe:                   charleston
charlestoit                             :P:Nom:                   charleston
charlestoien                            :P:Gen:                   charleston
charlestoeja                            :P:Par:                   charleston
charlestoeissa                          :P:Ine:                   charleston
charlestoeista                          :P:Ela:                   charleston
charlestoeihin                          :P:Ill:                   charleston
charlestoeilla                          :P:Ade:                   charleston
charlestoeilta                          :P:Abl:                   charleston
charlestoeille                          :P:All:                   charleston
charlestoeina                           :P:Ess:                   charleston
charlestoeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   charleston
charlestoein                            :P:Ins:                   charleston
charlestoeitta                          :P:Abe:                   charleston
charlestoeine                           :P:Kom:                   charleston
charlotte russe                         :S:Nom:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russen                        :S:Gen:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russea                        :S:Par:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russessa                      :S:Ine:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russesta                      :S:Ela:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeen                       :S:Ill:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russella                      :S:Ade:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russelta                      :S:Abl:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russelle                      :S:All:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russena                       :S:Ess:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeksi                      :S:Tra:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russetta                      :S:Abe:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russet                        :P:Nom:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russejen                      :P:Gen:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russein                       :P:Gen:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeja                       :P:Par:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeissa                     :P:Ine:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeista                     :P:Ela:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeihin                     :P:Ill:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeilla                     :P:Ade:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeilta                     :P:Abl:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeille                     :P:All:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeina                      :P:Ess:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeiksi                     :P:Tra:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russein                       :P:Ins:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeitta                     :P:Abe:                   charlotte russe
charlotte russeine                      :P:Kom:                   charlotte russe
charmantti                              :S:Nom:                   charmantti
charmantin                              :S:Gen:                   charmantti
charmanttia                             :S:Par:                   charmantti
charmantissa                            :S:Ine:                   charmantti
charmantista                            :S:Ela:                   charmantti
charmanttiin                            :S:Ill:                   charmantti
charmantilla                            :S:Ade:                   charmantti
charmantilta                            :S:Abl:                   charmantti
charmantille                            :S:All:                   charmantti
charmanttina                            :S:Ess:                   charmantti
charmantiksi                            :S:Tra:                   charmantti
charmantitta                            :S:Abe:                   charmantti
charmantit                              :P:Nom:                   charmantti
charmanttien                            :P:Gen:                   charmantti
charmantteja                            :P:Par:                   charmantti
charmanteissa                           :P:Ine:                   charmantti
charmanteista                           :P:Ela:                   charmantti
charmantteihin                          :P:Ill:                   charmantti
charmanteilla                           :P:Ade:                   charmantti
charmanteilta                           :P:Abl:                   charmantti
charmanteille                           :P:All:                   charmantti
charmantteina                           :P:Ess:                   charmantti
charmanteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   charmantti
charmantein                             :P:Ins:                   charmantti
charmanteitta                           :P:Abe:                   charmantti
charmantteine                           :P:Kom:                   charmantti
charmi                                  :S:Nom:                   charmi
charmin                                 :S:Gen:                   charmi
charmia                                 :S:Par:                   charmi
charmissa                               :S:Ine:                   charmi
charmista                               :S:Ela:                   charmi
charmiin                                :S:Ill:                   charmi
charmilla                               :S:Ade:                   charmi
charmilta                               :S:Abl:                   charmi
charmille                               :S:All:                   charmi
charmina                                :S:Ess:                   charmi
charmiksi                               :S:Tra:                   charmi
charmitta                               :S:Abe:                   charmi
charmit                                 :P:Nom:                   charmi
charmien                                :P:Gen:                   charmi
charmeja                                :P:Par:                   charmi
charmeissa                              :P:Ine:                   charmi
charmeista                              :P:Ela:                   charmi
charmeihin                              :P:Ill:                   charmi
charmeilla                              :P:Ade:                   charmi
charmeilta                              :P:Abl:                   charmi
charmeille                              :P:All:                   charmi
charmeina                               :P:Ess:                   charmi
charmeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   charmi
charmein                                :P:Ins:                   charmi
charmeitta                              :P:Abe:                   charmi
charmeine                               :P:Kom:                   charmi
charmikas                               :S:Nom:                   charmikas
charmikkaan                             :S:Gen:                   charmikas
charmikasta                             :S:Par:                   charmikas
charmikkaassa                           :S:Ine:                   charmikas
charmikkaasta                           :S:Ela:                   charmikas
charmikkaaseen                          :S:Ill:                   charmikas
charmikkaalla                           :S:Ade:                   charmikas
charmikkaalta                           :S:Abl:                   charmikas
charmikkaalle                           :S:All:                   charmikas
charmikkaana                            :S:Ess:                   charmikas
charmikkaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   charmikas
charmikkaatta                           :S:Abe:                   charmikas
charmikkaat                             :P:Nom:                   charmikas
charmikkaiden                           :P:Gen:                   charmikas
charmikaitten                           :P:Gen:                   charmikas
charmikkaita                            :P:Par:                   charmikas
charmikkaissa                           :P:Ine:                   charmikas
charmikkaista                           :P:Ela:                   charmikas
charmikkaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   charmikas
charmikkailla                           :P:Ade:                   charmikas
charmikkailta                           :P:Abl:                   charmikas
charmikkaille                           :P:All:                   charmikas
charmikkaina                            :P:Ess:                   charmikas
charmikkaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   charmikas
charmikkain                             :P:Ins:                   charmikas
charmikkaitta                           :P:Abe:                   charmikas
charmikkaine                            :P:Kom:                   charmikas
charterlento                            :S:Nom:                   charterlento
charterlennon                           :S:Gen:                   charterlento
charterlentoa                           :S:Par:                   charterlento
charterlennossa                         :S:Ine:                   charterlento
charterlennosta                         :S:Ela:                   charterlento
charterlentoon                          :S:Ill:                   charterlento
charterlennolla                         :S:Ade:                   charterlento
charterlennolta                         :S:Abl:                   charterlento
charterlennolle                         :S:All:                   charterlento
charterlentona                          :S:Ess:                   charterlento
charterlennoksi                         :S:Tra:                   charterlento
charterlennotta                         :S:Abe:                   charterlento
charterlennot                           :P:Nom:                   charterlento
charterlentojen                         :P:Gen:                   charterlento
charterlentoja                          :P:Par:                   charterlento
charterlennoissa                        :P:Ine:                   charterlento
charterlennoista                        :P:Ela:                   charterlento
charterlentoihin                        :P:Ill:                   charterlento
charterlennoilla                        :P:Ade:                   charterlento
charterlennoilta                        :P:Abl:                   charterlento
charterlennoille                        :P:All:                   charterlento
charterlentoina                         :P:Ess:                   charterlento
charterlennoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   charterlento
charterlennoin                          :P:Ins:                   charterlento
charterlennoitta                        :P:Abe:                   charterlento
charterlentoine                         :P:Kom:                   charterlento
chattaan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          chatata
chattaat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          chatata
chattaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          chatata
chattaamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          chatata
chattaatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          chatata
chattaavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatataan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             chatata
chattaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      chatata
chattaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chattaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chattaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chattaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chattaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatata                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chattasin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          chatata
chattasit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          chatata
chattasi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          chatata
chattasimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          chatata
chattasitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          chatata
chattasivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chatannen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          chatata
chatannet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          chatata
chatannee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          chatata
chatannemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          chatata
chatannette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          chatata
chatannevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             chatata
chatanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      chatata
chatanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chatanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chatanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chatanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chatanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chattaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          chatata
chattaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          chatata
chattaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          chatata
chattaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          chatata
chattaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          chatata
chattaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             chatata
chattaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      chatata
chattaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chattaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chattaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chattaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chattaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chattaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          chatata
chatatkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          chatata
chatatkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          chatata
chatatkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          chatata
chatatkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             chatata
chattaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chatatko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chatatko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chatatko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chatatko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             chatata
chatata                                 :Inf1:                    chatata
chatatakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  chatata
chatatessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            chatata
chatattaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            chatata
chataten                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            chatata
chattaamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            chatata
chattaamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            chatata
chattaamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            chatata
chattaamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            chatata
chattaamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            chatata
chattaaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            chatata
chatattaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            chatata
chattaaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                chatata
chattaamista                            :Inf4:Par:                chatata
chattaamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    chatata
chattaava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             chatata
chatattava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             chatata
chatannut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             chatata
chatattu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             chatata
chattaama                               :Cip:Age:                 chatata
chattaamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chatannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          chatata
chatannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          chatata
chatannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             chatata
chatannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chatannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          chatata
chatannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          chatata
chatannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             chatata
chatannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      chatata
chatannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chatannut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          chatata
chatanneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          chatata
chatattu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             chatata
chatannut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      chatata
chatanneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      chatata
chatattu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         chatata
chateaubriani                           :S:Nom:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianin                          :S:Gen:                   chateaubriand
chateaubriania                          :S:Par:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianissa                        :S:Ine:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianista                        :S:Ela:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianiin                         :S:Ill:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianilla                        :S:Ade:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianilta                        :S:Abl:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianille                        :S:All:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianina                         :S:Ess:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianiksi                        :S:Tra:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianitta                        :S:Abe:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianit                          :P:Nom:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianien                         :P:Gen:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeja                         :P:Par:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeissa                       :P:Ine:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeista                       :P:Ela:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeihin                       :P:Ill:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeilla                       :P:Ade:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeilta                       :P:Abl:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeille                       :P:All:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeina                        :P:Ess:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianein                         :P:Ins:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeitta                       :P:Abe:                   chateaubriand
chateaubrianeine                        :P:Kom:                   chateaubriand
châteauviini                            :S:Nom:                   châteauviini
châteauviinin                           :S:Gen:                   châteauviini
châteauviinia                           :S:Par:                   châteauviini
châteauviinissa                         :S:Ine:                   châteauviini
châteauviinista                         :S:Ela:                   châteauviini
châteauviiniin                          :S:Ill:                   châteauviini
châteauviinilla                         :S:Ade:                   châteauviini
châteauviinilta                         :S:Abl:                   châteauviini
châteauviinille                         :S:All:                   châteauviini
châteauviinina                          :S:Ess:                   châteauviini
châteauviiniksi                         :S:Tra:                   châteauviini
châteauviinitta                         :S:Abe:                   châteauviini
châteauviinit                           :P:Nom:                   châteauviini
châteauviinien                          :P:Gen:                   châteauviini
châteauviineja                          :P:Par:                   châteauviini
châteauviineissa                        :P:Ine:                   châteauviini
châteauviineista                        :P:Ela:                   châteauviini
châteauviineihin                        :P:Ill:                   châteauviini
châteauviineilla                        :P:Ade:                   châteauviini
châteauviineilta                        :P:Abl:                   châteauviini
châteauviineille                        :P:All:                   châteauviini
châteauviineina                         :P:Ess:                   châteauviini
châteauviineiksi                        :P:Tra:                   châteauviini
châteauviinein                          :P:Ins:                   châteauviini
châteauviineitta                        :P:Abe:                   châteauviini
châteauviineine                         :P:Kom:                   châteauviini
chatti                                  :S:Nom:                   chatti
chatin                                  :S:Gen:                   chatti
chattia                                 :S:Par:                   chatti
chatissa                                :S:Ine:                   chatti
chatista                                :S:Ela:                   chatti
chattiin                                :S:Ill:                   chatti
chatilla                                :S:Ade:                   chatti
chatilta                                :S:Abl:                   chatti
chatille                                :S:All:                   chatti
chattina                                :S:Ess:                   chatti
chatiksi                                :S:Tra:                   chatti
chatitta                                :S:Abe:                   chatti
chatit                                  :P:Nom:                   chatti
chattien                                :P:Gen:                   chatti
chatteja                                :P:Par:                   chatti
chateissa                               :P:Ine:                   chatti
chateista                               :P:Ela:                   chatti
chatteihin                              :P:Ill:                   chatti
chateilla                               :P:Ade:                   chatti
chateilta                               :P:Abl:                   chatti
chateille                               :P:All:                   chatti
chatteina                               :P:Ess:                   chatti
chateiksi                               :P:Tra:                   chatti
chatein                                 :P:Ins:                   chatti
chateitta                               :P:Abe:                   chatti
chatteine                               :P:Kom:                   chatti
cheddai                                 :S:Nom:                   cheddar
cheddain                                :S:Gen:                   cheddar
cheddaia                                :S:Par:                   cheddar
cheddaissa                              :S:Ine:                   cheddar
cheddaista                              :S:Ela:                   cheddar
cheddaiin                               :S:Ill:                   cheddar
cheddailla                              :S:Ade:                   cheddar
cheddailta                              :S:Abl:                   cheddar
cheddaille                              :S:All:                   cheddar
cheddaina                               :S:Ess:                   cheddar
cheddaiksi                              :S:Tra:                   cheddar
cheddaitta                              :S:Abe:                   cheddar
cheddait                                :P:Nom:                   cheddar
cheddaien                               :P:Gen:                   cheddar
cheddaeja                               :P:Par:                   cheddar
cheddaeissa                             :P:Ine:                   cheddar
cheddaeista                             :P:Ela:                   cheddar
cheddaeihin                             :P:Ill:                   cheddar
cheddaeilla                             :P:Ade:                   cheddar
cheddaeilta                             :P:Abl:                   cheddar
cheddaeille                             :P:All:                   cheddar
cheddaeina                              :P:Ess:                   cheddar
cheddaeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   cheddar
cheddaein                               :P:Ins:                   cheddar
cheddaeitta                             :P:Abe:                   cheddar
cheddaeine                              :P:Kom:                   cheddar
cheddarinjuusto                         :S:Nom:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuuston                        :S:Gen:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoa                        :S:Par:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustossa                      :S:Ine:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustosta                      :S:Ela:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoon                       :S:Ill:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustolla                      :S:Ade:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustolta                      :S:Abl:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustolle                      :S:All:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustona                       :S:Ess:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoksi                      :S:Tra:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustotta                      :S:Abe:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustot                        :P:Nom:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustojen                      :P:Gen:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoja                       :P:Par:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoissa                     :P:Ine:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoista                     :P:Ela:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoihin                     :P:Ill:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoilla                     :P:Ade:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoilta                     :P:Abl:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoille                     :P:All:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoina                      :P:Ess:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoin                       :P:Ins:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoitta                     :P:Abe:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarinjuustoine                      :P:Kom:                   cheddarinjuusto
cheddarjuusto                           :S:Nom:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuuston                          :S:Gen:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoa                          :S:Par:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustossa                        :S:Ine:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustosta                        :S:Ela:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoon                         :S:Ill:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustolla                        :S:Ade:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustolta                        :S:Abl:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustolle                        :S:All:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustona                         :S:Ess:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoksi                        :S:Tra:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustotta                        :S:Abe:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustot                          :P:Nom:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustojen                        :P:Gen:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoja                         :P:Par:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoissa                       :P:Ine:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoista                       :P:Ela:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoihin                       :P:Ill:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoilla                       :P:Ade:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoilta                       :P:Abl:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoille                       :P:All:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoina                        :P:Ess:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoin                         :P:Ins:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoitta                       :P:Abe:                   cheddarjuusto
cheddarjuustoine                        :P:Kom:                   cheddarjuusto
cheerleadei                             :S:Nom:                   cheerleader
cheerleadein                            :S:Gen:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeia                            :S:Par:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeissa                          :S:Ine:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeista                          :S:Ela:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeiin                           :S:Ill:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeilla                          :S:Ade:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeilta                          :S:Abl:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeille                          :S:All:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeina                           :S:Ess:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeiksi                          :S:Tra:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeitta                          :S:Abe:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeit                            :P:Nom:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeien                           :P:Gen:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeja                           :P:Par:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeissa                         :P:Ine:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeista                         :P:Ela:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeihin                         :P:Ill:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeilla                         :P:Ade:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeilta                         :P:Abl:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeille                         :P:All:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeina                          :P:Ess:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeein                           :P:Ins:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeitta                         :P:Abe:                   cheerleader
cheerleadeeine                          :P:Kom:                   cheerleader
chenille                                :S:Nom:                   chenille
chenillen                               :S:Gen:                   chenille
chenilleä                               :S:Par:                   chenille
chenillessä                             :S:Ine:                   chenille
chenillestä                             :S:Ela:                   chenille
chenilleen                              :S:Ill:                   chenille
chenillellä                             :S:Ade:                   chenille
chenilleltä                             :S:Abl:                   chenille
chenillelle                             :S:All:                   chenille
chenillenä                              :S:Ess:                   chenille
chenilleksi                             :S:Tra:                   chenille
chenillettä                             :S:Abe:                   chenille
chenillet                               :P:Nom:                   chenille
chenillejen                             :P:Gen:                   chenille
chenillein                              :P:Gen:                   chenille
chenillejä                              :P:Par:                   chenille
chenilleissä                            :P:Ine:                   chenille
chenilleistä                            :P:Ela:                   chenille
chenilleihin                            :P:Ill:                   chenille
chenilleillä                            :P:Ade:                   chenille
chenilleiltä                            :P:Abl:                   chenille
chenilleille                            :P:All:                   chenille
chenilleinä                             :P:Ess:                   chenille
chenilleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   chenille
chenillein                              :P:Ins:                   chenille
chenilleittä                            :P:Abe:                   chenille
chenilleine                             :P:Kom:                   chenille
chii                                    :S:Nom:                   chic
chiin                                   :S:Gen:                   chic
chiiä                                   :S:Par:                   chic
chiissä                                 :S:Ine:                   chic
chiistä                                 :S:Ela:                   chic
chiiin                                  :S:Ill:                   chic
chiillä                                 :S:Ade:                   chic
chiiltä                                 :S:Abl:                   chic
chiille                                 :S:All:                   chic
chiinä                                  :S:Ess:                   chic
chiiksi                                 :S:Tra:                   chic
chiittä                                 :S:Abe:                   chic
chiit                                   :P:Nom:                   chic
chiien                                  :P:Gen:                   chic
chiejä                                  :P:Par:                   chic
chieissä                                :P:Ine:                   chic
chieistä                                :P:Ela:                   chic
chieihin                                :P:Ill:                   chic
chieillä                                :P:Ade:                   chic
chieiltä                                :P:Abl:                   chic
chieille                                :P:All:                   chic
chieinä                                 :P:Ess:                   chic
chieiksi                                :P:Tra:                   chic
chiein                                  :P:Ins:                   chic
chieittä                                :P:Abe:                   chic
chieine                                 :P:Kom:                   chic
chilensalpietari                        :S:Nom:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarin                       :S:Gen:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietaria                       :S:Par:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarissa                     :S:Ine:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarista                     :S:Ela:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietariin                      :S:Ill:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarilla                     :S:Ade:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarilta                     :S:Abl:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarille                     :S:All:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarina                      :S:Ess:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietariksi                     :S:Tra:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietaritta                     :S:Abe:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarit                       :P:Nom:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarien                      :P:Gen:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareiden                    :P:Gen:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareitten                   :P:Gen:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareja                      :P:Par:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareita                     :P:Par:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareissa                    :P:Ine:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareista                    :P:Ela:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareihin                    :P:Ill:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareilla                    :P:Ade:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareilta                    :P:Abl:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareille                    :P:All:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareina                     :P:Ess:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareiksi                    :P:Tra:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietarein                      :P:Ins:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareitta                    :P:Abe:                   chilensalpietari
chilensalpietareine                     :P:Kom:                   chilensalpietari
chili                                   :S:Nom:                   chili
chilin                                  :S:Gen:                   chili
chiliä                                  :S:Par:                   chili
chilissä                                :S:Ine:                   chili
chilistä                                :S:Ela:                   chili
chiliin                                 :S:Ill:                   chili
chilillä                                :S:Ade:                   chili
chililtä                                :S:Abl:                   chili
chilille                                :S:All:                   chili
chilinä                                 :S:Ess:                   chili
chiliksi                                :S:Tra:                   chili
chilittä                                :S:Abe:                   chili
chilit                                  :P:Nom:                   chili
chilien                                 :P:Gen:                   chili
chilejä                                 :P:Par:                   chili
chileissä                               :P:Ine:                   chili
chileistä                               :P:Ela:                   chili
chileihin                               :P:Ill:                   chili
chileillä                               :P:Ade:                   chili
chileiltä                               :P:Abl:                   chili
chileille                               :P:All:                   chili
chileinä                                :P:Ess:                   chili
chileiksi                               :P:Tra:                   chili
chilein                                 :P:Ins:                   chili
chileittä                               :P:Abe:                   chili
chileine                                :P:Kom:                   chili
chilikastike                            :S:Nom:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeen                         :S:Gen:                   chilikastike
chilikastiketta                         :S:Par:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeessa                       :S:Ine:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeesta                       :S:Ela:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeeseen                      :S:Ill:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeella                       :S:Ade:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeelta                       :S:Abl:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeelle                       :S:All:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeena                        :S:Ess:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeeksi                       :S:Tra:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeetta                       :S:Abe:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeet                         :P:Nom:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeiden                       :P:Gen:                   chilikastike
chilikastikeitten                       :P:Gen:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeita                        :P:Par:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeissa                       :P:Ine:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeista                       :P:Ela:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeisiin                      :P:Ill:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeihin                       :P:Ill:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeilla                       :P:Ade:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeilta                       :P:Abl:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeille                       :P:All:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeina                        :P:Ess:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkein                         :P:Ins:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeitta                       :P:Abe:                   chilikastike
chilikastikkeine                        :P:Kom:                   chilikastike
chilipippuri                            :S:Nom:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurin                           :S:Gen:                   chilipippuri
chilipippuria                           :S:Par:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurissa                         :S:Ine:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurista                         :S:Ela:                   chilipippuri
chilipippuriin                          :S:Ill:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurilla                         :S:Ade:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurilta                         :S:Abl:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurille                         :S:All:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurina                          :S:Ess:                   chilipippuri
chilipippuriksi                         :S:Tra:                   chilipippuri
chilipippuritta                         :S:Abe:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurit                           :P:Nom:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurien                          :P:Gen:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureiden                        :P:Gen:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureitten                       :P:Gen:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureja                          :P:Par:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureita                         :P:Par:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureissa                        :P:Ine:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureista                        :P:Ela:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureihin                        :P:Ill:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureilla                        :P:Ade:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureilta                        :P:Abl:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureille                        :P:All:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureina                         :P:Ess:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureiksi                        :P:Tra:                   chilipippuri
chilipippurein                          :P:Ins:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureitta                        :P:Abe:                   chilipippuri
chilipippureine                         :P:Kom:                   chilipippuri
chinchilla                              :S:Nom:                   chinchilla
chinchillan                             :S:Gen:                   chinchilla
chinchillaa                             :S:Par:                   chinchilla
chinchillassa                           :S:Ine:                   chinchilla
chinchillasta                           :S:Ela:                   chinchilla
chinchillaan                            :S:Ill:                   chinchilla
chinchillalla                           :S:Ade:                   chinchilla
chinchillalta                           :S:Abl:                   chinchilla
chinchillalle                           :S:All:                   chinchilla
chinchillana                            :S:Ess:                   chinchilla
chinchillaksi                           :S:Tra:                   chinchilla
chinchillatta                           :S:Abe:                   chinchilla
chinchillat                             :P:Nom:                   chinchilla
chinchillojen                           :P:Gen:                   chinchilla
chinchillain                            :P:Gen:                   chinchilla
chinchilloja                            :P:Par:                   chinchilla
chinchilloissa                          :P:Ine:                   chinchilla
chinchilloista                          :P:Ela:                   chinchilla
chinchilloihin                          :P:Ill:                   chinchilla
chinchilloilla                          :P:Ade:                   chinchilla
chinchilloilta                          :P:Abl:                   chinchilla
chinchilloille                          :P:All:                   chinchilla
chinchilloina                           :P:Ess:                   chinchilla
chinchilloiksi                          :P:Tra:                   chinchilla
chinchilloin                            :P:Ins:                   chinchilla
chinchilloitta                          :P:Abe:                   chinchilla
chinchilloine                           :P:Kom:                   chinchilla
chippendale                             :S:Nom:                   chippendale
chippendalen                            :S:Gen:                   chippendale
chippendalea                            :S:Par:                   chippendale
chippendalessa                          :S:Ine:                   chippendale
chippendalesta                          :S:Ela:                   chippendale
chippendaleen                           :S:Ill:                   chippendale
chippendalella                          :S:Ade:                   chippendale
chippendalelta                          :S:Abl:                   chippendale
chippendalelle                          :S:All:                   chippendale
chippendalena                           :S:Ess:                   chippendale
chippendaleksi                          :S:Tra:                   chippendale
chippendaletta                          :S:Abe:                   chippendale
chippendalet                            :P:Nom:                   chippendale
chippendalejen                          :P:Gen:                   chippendale
chippendalein                           :P:Gen:                   chippendale
chippendaleja                           :P:Par:                   chippendale
chippendaleissa                         :P:Ine:                   chippendale
chippendaleista                         :P:Ela:                   chippendale
chippendaleihin                         :P:Ill:                   chippendale
chippendaleilla                         :P:Ade:                   chippendale
chippendaleilta                         :P:Abl:                   chippendale
chippendaleille                         :P:All:                   chippendale
chippendaleina                          :P:Ess:                   chippendale
chippendaleiksi                         :P:Tra:                   chippendale
chippendalein                           :P:Ins:                   chippendale
chippendaleitta                         :P:Abe:                   chippendale
chippendaleine                          :P:Kom:                   chippendale
chippendalekalusto                      :S:Nom:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekaluston                     :S:Gen:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoa                     :S:Par:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustossa                   :S:Ine:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustosta                   :S:Ela:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoon                    :S:Ill:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustolla                   :S:Ade:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustolta                   :S:Abl:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustolle                   :S:All:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustona                    :S:Ess:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoksi                   :S:Tra:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustotta                   :S:Abe:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustot                     :P:Nom:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustojen                   :P:Gen:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoja                    :P:Par:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoissa                  :P:Ine:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoista                  :P:Ela:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoihin                  :P:Ill:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoilla                  :P:Ade:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoilta                  :P:Abl:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoille                  :P:All:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoina                   :P:Ess:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoiksi                  :P:Tra:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoin                    :P:Ins:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoitta                  :P:Abe:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendalekalustoine                   :P:Kom:                   chippendalekalusto
chippendaletyyli                        :S:Nom:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylin                       :S:Gen:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyliä                       :S:Par:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylissä                     :S:Ine:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylistä                     :S:Ela:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyliin                      :S:Ill:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylillä                     :S:Ade:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyliltä                     :S:Abl:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylille                     :S:All:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylinä                      :S:Ess:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyliksi                     :S:Tra:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylittä                     :S:Abe:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylit                       :P:Nom:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylien                      :P:Gen:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylejä                      :P:Par:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleissä                    :P:Ine:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleistä                    :P:Ela:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleihin                    :P:Ill:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleillä                    :P:Ade:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleiltä                    :P:Abl:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleille                    :P:All:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleinä                     :P:Ess:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleiksi                    :P:Tra:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylein                      :P:Ins:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleittä                    :P:Abe:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyyleine                     :P:Kom:                   chippendaletyyli
chippendaletyylinen                     :S:Nom:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisen                     :S:Gen:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylistä                     :S:Par:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisessä                   :S:Ine:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisestä                   :S:Ela:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyyliseen                    :S:Ill:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisellä                   :S:Ade:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyyliseltä                   :S:Abl:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyyliselle                   :S:All:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisenä                    :S:Ess:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyyliseksi                   :S:Tra:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisettä                   :S:Abe:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyyliset                     :P:Nom:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisten                    :P:Gen:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisin                     :P:Gen:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisiä                     :P:Par:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisissä                   :P:Ine:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisistä                   :P:Ela:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisiin                    :P:Ill:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisillä                   :P:Ade:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisiltä                   :P:Abl:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisille                   :P:All:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisinä                    :P:Ess:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisin                     :P:Ins:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisittä                   :P:Abe:                   chippendaletyylinen
chippendaletyylisine                    :P:Kom:                   chippendaletyylinen
chipi                                   :S:Nom:                   chips
chipin                                  :S:Gen:                   chips
chipiä                                  :S:Par:                   chips
chipissä                                :S:Ine:                   chips
chipistä                                :S:Ela:                   chips
chipiin                                 :S:Ill:                   chips
chipillä                                :S:Ade:                   chips
chipiltä                                :S:Abl:                   chips
chipille                                :S:All:                   chips
chipinä                                 :S:Ess:                   chips
chipiksi                                :S:Tra:                   chips
chipittä                                :S:Abe:                   chips
chipit                                  :P:Nom:                   chips
chipien                                 :P:Gen:                   chips
chipejä                                 :P:Par:                   chips
chipeissä                               :P:Ine:                   chips
chipeistä                               :P:Ela:                   chips
chipeihin                               :P:Ill:                   chips
chipeillä                               :P:Ade:                   chips
chipeiltä                               :P:Abl:                   chips
chipeille                               :P:All:                   chips
chipeinä                                :P:Ess:                   chips
chipeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   chips
chipein                                 :P:Ins:                   chips
chipeittä                               :P:Abe:                   chips
chipeine                                :P:Kom:                   chips
cicero                                  :S:Nom:                   cicero
ciceron                                 :S:Gen:                   cicero
ciceroa                                 :S:Par:                   cicero
cicerossa                               :S:Ine:                   cicero
cicerosta                               :S:Ela:                   cicero
ciceroon                                :S:Ill:                   cicero
cicerolla                               :S:Ade:                   cicero
cicerolta                               :S:Abl:                   cicero
cicerolle                               :S:All:                   cicero
cicerona                                :S:Ess:                   cicero
ciceroksi                               :S:Tra:                   cicero
cicerotta                               :S:Abe:                   cicero
cicerot                                 :P:Nom:                   cicero
cicerojen                               :P:Gen:                   cicero
ciceroiden                              :P:Gen:                   cicero
ciceroitten                             :P:Gen:                   cicero
ciceroja                                :P:Par:                   cicero
ciceroita                               :P:Par:                   cicero
ciceroissa                              :P:Ine:                   cicero
ciceroista                              :P:Ela:                   cicero
ciceroihin                              :P:Ill:                   cicero
ciceroilla                              :P:Ade:                   cicero
ciceroilta                              :P:Abl:                   cicero
ciceroille                              :P:All:                   cicero
ciceroina                               :P:Ess:                   cicero
ciceroiksi                              :P:Tra:                   cicero
ciceroin                                :P:Ins:                   cicero
ciceroitta                              :P:Abe:                   cicero
ciceroine                               :P:Kom:                   cicero
cirrus                                  :S:Nom:                   cirrus
cirruksen                               :S:Gen:                   cirrus
cirrusta                                :S:Par:                   cirrus
cirruksessa                             :S:Ine:                   cirrus
cirruksesta                             :S:Ela:                   cirrus
cirrukseen                              :S:Ill:                   cirrus
cirruksella                             :S:Ade:                   cirrus
cirrukselta                             :S:Abl:                   cirrus
cirrukselle                             :S:All:                   cirrus
cirruksena                              :S:Ess:                   cirrus
cirrukseksi                             :S:Tra:                   cirrus
cirruksetta                             :S:Abe:                   cirrus
cirrukset                               :P:Nom:                   cirrus
cirrusten                               :P:Gen:                   cirrus
cirruksien                              :P:Gen:                   cirrus
cirruksia                               :P:Par:                   cirrus
cirruksissa                             :P:Ine:                   cirrus
cirruksista                             :P:Ela:                   cirrus
cirruksiin                              :P:Ill:                   cirrus
cirruksilla                             :P:Ade:                   cirrus
cirruksilta                             :P:Abl:                   cirrus
cirruksille                             :P:All:                   cirrus
cirruksina                              :P:Ess:                   cirrus
cirruksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   cirrus
cirruksin                               :P:Ins:                   cirrus
cirruksitta                             :P:Abe:                   cirrus
cirruksine                              :P:Kom:                   cirrus
cirruspilvi                             :S:Nom:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilven                            :S:Gen:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilveä                            :S:Par:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvessä                          :S:Ine:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvestä                          :S:Ela:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilveen                           :S:Ill:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvellä                          :S:Ade:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilveltä                          :S:Abl:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvelle                          :S:All:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvenä                           :S:Ess:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilveksi                          :S:Tra:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvettä                          :S:Abe:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvet                            :P:Nom:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvien                           :P:Gen:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilviä                            :P:Par:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvissä                          :P:Ine:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvistä                          :P:Ela:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilviin                           :P:Ill:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvillä                          :P:Ade:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilviltä                          :P:Abl:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilville                          :P:All:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvinä                           :P:Ess:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilviksi                          :P:Tra:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvin                            :P:Ins:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvittä                          :P:Abe:                   cirruspilvi
cirruspilvine                           :P:Kom:                   cirruspilvi
city                                    :S:Nom:                   city
cityn                                   :S:Gen:                   city
cityä                                   :S:Par:                   city
cityssä                                 :S:Ine:                   city
citystä                                 :S:Ela:                   city
cityyn                                  :S:Ill:                   city
cityllä                                 :S:Ade:                   city
cityltä                                 :S:Abl:                   city
citylle                                 :S:All:                   city
citynä                                  :S:Ess:                   city
cityksi                                 :S:Tra:                   city
cityttä                                 :S:Abe:                   city
cityt                                   :P:Nom:                   city
cityjen                                 :P:Gen:                   city
cityjä                                  :P:Par:                   city
cityissä                                :P:Ine:                   city
cityistä                                :P:Ela:                   city
cityihin                                :P:Ill:                   city
cityillä                                :P:Ade:                   city
cityiltä                                :P:Abl:                   city
cityille                                :P:All:                   city
cityinä                                 :P:Ess:                   city
cityiksi                                :P:Tra:                   city
cityin                                  :P:Ins:                   city
cityittä                                :P:Abe:                   city
cityine                                 :P:Kom:                   city
citykulttuuri                           :S:Nom:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurin                          :S:Gen:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuuria                          :S:Par:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurissa                        :S:Ine:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurista                        :S:Ela:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuuriin                         :S:Ill:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurilla                        :S:Ade:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurilta                        :S:Abl:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurille                        :S:All:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurina                         :S:Ess:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuuriksi                        :S:Tra:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuuritta                        :S:Abe:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurit                          :P:Nom:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurien                         :P:Gen:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureiden                       :P:Gen:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureitten                      :P:Gen:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureja                         :P:Par:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureita                        :P:Par:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureissa                       :P:Ine:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureista                       :P:Ela:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureihin                       :P:Ill:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureilla                       :P:Ade:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureilta                       :P:Abl:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureille                       :P:All:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureina                        :P:Ess:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureiksi                       :P:Tra:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuurein                         :P:Ins:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureitta                       :P:Abe:                   citykulttuuri
citykulttuureine                        :P:Kom:                   citykulttuuri
civis                                   :S:Nom:                   civis
civiksen                                :S:Gen:                   civis
civistä                                 :S:Par:                   civis
civiksessä                              :S:Ine:                   civis
civiksestä                              :S:Ela:                   civis
civikseen                               :S:Ill:                   civis
civiksellä                              :S:Ade:                   civis
civikseltä                              :S:Abl:                   civis
civikselle                              :S:All:                   civis
civiksenä                               :S:Ess:                   civis
civikseksi                              :S:Tra:                   civis
civiksettä                              :S:Abe:                   civis
civikset                                :P:Nom:                   civis
civisten                                :P:Gen:                   civis
civiksien                               :P:Gen:                   civis
civiksiä                                :P:Par:                   civis
civiksissä                              :P:Ine:                   civis
civiksistä                              :P:Ela:                   civis
civiksiin                               :P:Ill:                   civis
civiksillä                              :P:Ade:                   civis
civiksiltä                              :P:Abl:                   civis
civiksille                              :P:All:                   civis
civiksinä                               :P:Ess:                   civis
civiksiksi                              :P:Tra:                   civis
civiksin                                :P:Ins:                   civis
civiksittä                              :P:Abe:                   civis
civiksine                               :P:Kom:                   civis
clearini                                :S:Nom:                   clearing
clearinin                               :S:Gen:                   clearing
clearinia                               :S:Par:                   clearing
clearinissa                             :S:Ine:                   clearing
clearinista                             :S:Ela:                   clearing
cleariniin                              :S:Ill:                   clearing
clearinilla                             :S:Ade:                   clearing
clearinilta                             :S:Abl:                   clearing
clearinille                             :S:All:                   clearing
clearinina                              :S:Ess:                   clearing
cleariniksi                             :S:Tra:                   clearing
clearinitta                             :S:Abe:                   clearing
clearinit                               :P:Nom:                   clearing
clearinien                              :P:Gen:                   clearing
clearineja                              :P:Par:                   clearing
clearineissa                            :P:Ine:                   clearing
clearineista                            :P:Ela:                   clearing
clearineihin                            :P:Ill:                   clearing
clearineilla                            :P:Ade:                   clearing
clearineilta                            :P:Abl:                   clearing
clearineille                            :P:All:                   clearing
clearineina                             :P:Ess:                   clearing
clearineiksi                            :P:Tra:                   clearing
clearinein                              :P:Ins:                   clearing
clearineitta                            :P:Abe:                   clearing
clearineine                             :P:Kom:                   clearing
clearingkurssi                          :S:Nom:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssin                         :S:Gen:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssia                         :S:Par:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssissa                       :S:Ine:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssista                       :S:Ela:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssiin                        :S:Ill:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssilla                       :S:Ade:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssilta                       :S:Abl:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssille                       :S:All:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssina                        :S:Ess:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssiksi                       :S:Tra:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssitta                       :S:Abe:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssit                         :P:Nom:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssien                        :P:Gen:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseja                        :P:Par:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseissa                      :P:Ine:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseista                      :P:Ela:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseihin                      :P:Ill:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseilla                      :P:Ade:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseilta                      :P:Abl:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseille                      :P:All:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseina                       :P:Ess:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseiksi                      :P:Tra:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkurssein                        :P:Ins:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseitta                      :P:Abe:                   clearingkurssi
clearingkursseine                       :P:Kom:                   clearingkurssi
clou                                    :S:Nom:                   clou
cloun                                   :S:Gen:                   clou
clouta                                  :S:Par:                   clou
cloussa                                 :S:Ine:                   clou
clousta                                 :S:Ela:                   clou
clouhen                                 :S:Ill:                   clou
cloulla                                 :S:Ade:                   clou
cloulta                                 :S:Abl:                   clou
cloulle                                 :S:All:                   clou
clouna                                  :S:Ess:                   clou
clouksi                                 :S:Tra:                   clou
cloutta                                 :S:Abe:                   clou
clout                                   :P:Nom:                   clou
clouiden                                :P:Gen:                   clou
clouita                                 :P:Par:                   clou
clouissa                                :P:Ine:                   clou
clouista                                :P:Ela:                   clou
clouihin                                :P:Ill:                   clou
clouilla                                :P:Ade:                   clou
clouilta                                :P:Abl:                   clou
clouille                                :P:All:                   clou
clouina                                 :P:Ess:                   clou
clouiksi                                :P:Tra:                   clou
clouin                                  :P:Ins:                   clou
clouitta                                :P:Abe:                   clou
clouine                                 :P:Kom:                   clou
cockerspanieli                          :S:Nom:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielin                         :S:Gen:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielia                         :S:Par:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielissa                       :S:Ine:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielista                       :S:Ela:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieliin                        :S:Ill:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielilla                       :S:Ade:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielilta                       :S:Abl:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielille                       :S:All:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielina                        :S:Ess:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieliksi                       :S:Tra:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielitta                       :S:Abe:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielit                         :P:Nom:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielien                        :P:Gen:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleja                        :P:Par:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleissa                      :P:Ine:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleista                      :P:Ela:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleihin                      :P:Ill:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleilla                      :P:Ade:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleilta                      :P:Abl:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleille                      :P:All:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleina                       :P:Ess:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleiksi                      :P:Tra:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanielein                        :P:Ins:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleitta                      :P:Abe:                   cockerspanieli
cockerspanieleine                       :P:Kom:                   cockerspanieli
cocktaii                                :S:Nom:                   cocktail
cocktaiin                               :S:Gen:                   cocktail
cocktaiia                               :S:Par:                   cocktail
cocktaiissa                             :S:Ine:                   cocktail
cocktaiista                             :S:Ela:                   cocktail
cocktaiiin                              :S:Ill:                   cocktail
cocktaiilla                             :S:Ade:                   cocktail
cocktaiilta                             :S:Abl:                   cocktail
cocktaiille                             :S:All:                   cocktail
cocktaiina                              :S:Ess:                   cocktail
cocktaiiksi                             :S:Tra:                   cocktail
cocktaiitta                             :S:Abe:                   cocktail
cocktaiit                               :P:Nom:                   cocktail
cocktaiien                              :P:Gen:                   cocktail
cocktaieja                              :P:Par:                   cocktail
cocktaieissa                            :P:Ine:                   cocktail
cocktaieista                            :P:Ela:                   cocktail
cocktaieihin                            :P:Ill:                   cocktail
cocktaieilla                            :P:Ade:                   cocktail
cocktaieilta                            :P:Abl:                   cocktail
cocktaieille                            :P:All:                   cocktail
cocktaieina                             :P:Ess:                   cocktail
cocktaieiksi                            :P:Tra:                   cocktail
cocktaiein                              :P:Ins:                   cocktail
cocktaieitta                            :P:Abe:                   cocktail
cocktaieine                             :P:Kom:                   cocktail
cocktailkirsikka                        :S:Nom:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikan                        :S:Gen:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikkaa                       :S:Par:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikassa                      :S:Ine:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikasta                      :S:Ela:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikkaan                      :S:Ill:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikalla                      :S:Ade:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikalta                      :S:Abl:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikalle                      :S:All:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikkana                      :S:Ess:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikaksi                      :S:Tra:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikatta                      :S:Abe:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikat                        :P:Nom:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoiden                     :P:Gen:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoitten                    :P:Gen:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikkojen                     :P:Gen:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikkain                      :P:Gen:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoita                      :P:Par:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikkoja                      :P:Par:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoissa                     :P:Ine:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoista                     :P:Ela:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikkoihin                    :P:Ill:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoihin                     :P:Ill:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoilla                     :P:Ade:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoilta                     :P:Abl:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoille                     :P:All:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoina                      :P:Ess:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoin                       :P:Ins:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoitta                     :P:Abe:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkirsikoine                      :P:Kom:                   cocktailkirsikka
cocktailkutsu                           :S:Nom:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsun                          :S:Gen:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsua                          :S:Par:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsussa                        :S:Ine:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsusta                        :S:Ela:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuun                         :S:Ill:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsulla                        :S:Ade:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsulta                        :S:Abl:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsulle                        :S:All:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuna                         :S:Ess:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuksi                        :S:Tra:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsutta                        :S:Abe:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsut                          :P:Nom:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsujen                        :P:Gen:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuja                         :P:Par:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuissa                       :P:Ine:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuista                       :P:Ela:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuihin                       :P:Ill:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuilla                       :P:Ade:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuilta                       :P:Abl:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuille                       :P:All:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuina                        :P:Ess:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuiksi                       :P:Tra:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuin                         :P:Ins:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuitta                       :P:Abe:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktailkutsuine                        :P:Kom:                   cocktailkutsut
cocktaillasi                            :S:Nom:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasin                           :S:Gen:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasia                           :S:Par:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasissa                         :S:Ine:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasista                         :S:Ela:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasiin                          :S:Ill:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasilla                         :S:Ade:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasilta                         :S:Abl:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasille                         :S:All:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasina                          :S:Ess:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasiksi                         :S:Tra:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasitta                         :S:Abe:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasit                           :P:Nom:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasien                          :P:Gen:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseja                          :P:Par:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseissa                        :P:Ine:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseista                        :P:Ela:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseihin                        :P:Ill:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseilla                        :P:Ade:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseilta                        :P:Abl:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseille                        :P:All:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseina                         :P:Ess:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseiksi                        :P:Tra:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillasein                          :P:Ins:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseitta                        :P:Abe:                   cocktaillasi
cocktaillaseine                         :P:Kom:                   cocktaillasi
cocktailleipä                           :S:Nom:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivän                          :S:Gen:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipää                          :S:Par:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivässä                        :S:Ine:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivästä                        :S:Ela:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipään                         :S:Ill:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivällä                        :S:Ade:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivältä                        :S:Abl:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivälle                        :S:All:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipänä                         :S:Ess:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleiväksi                        :S:Tra:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivättä                        :S:Abe:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivät                          :P:Nom:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipien                         :P:Gen:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipäin                         :P:Gen:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipiä                          :P:Par:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivissä                        :P:Ine:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivistä                        :P:Ela:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipiin                         :P:Ill:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivillä                        :P:Ade:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleiviltä                        :P:Abl:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleiville                        :P:All:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipinä                         :P:Ess:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleiviksi                        :P:Tra:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivin                          :P:Ins:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleivittä                        :P:Abe:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailleipine                         :P:Kom:                   cocktailleipä
cocktailpala                            :S:Nom:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalan                           :S:Gen:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalaa                           :S:Par:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalassa                         :S:Ine:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalasta                         :S:Ela:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalaan                          :S:Ill:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalalla                         :S:Ade:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalalta                         :S:Abl:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalalle                         :S:All:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalana                          :S:Ess:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalaksi                         :S:Tra:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalatta                         :S:Abe:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalat                           :P:Nom:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalojen                         :P:Gen:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpalain                          :P:Gen:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloja                          :P:Par:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloissa                        :P:Ine:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloista                        :P:Ela:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloihin                        :P:Ill:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloilla                        :P:Ade:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloilta                        :P:Abl:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloille                        :P:All:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloina                         :P:Ess:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloiksi                        :P:Tra:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloin                          :P:Ins:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloitta                        :P:Abe:                   cocktailpala
cocktailpaloine                         :P:Kom:                   cocktailpala
cocktailtikku                           :S:Nom:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikun                           :S:Gen:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikkua                          :S:Par:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikussa                         :S:Ine:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikusta                         :S:Ela:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikkuun                         :S:Ill:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikulla                         :S:Ade:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikulta                         :S:Abl:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikulle                         :S:All:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikkuna                         :S:Ess:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuksi                         :S:Tra:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikutta                         :S:Abe:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikut                           :P:Nom:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikkujen                        :P:Gen:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikkuja                         :P:Par:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuissa                        :P:Ine:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuista                        :P:Ela:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikkuihin                       :P:Ill:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuilla                        :P:Ade:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuilta                        :P:Abl:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuille                        :P:All:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikkuina                        :P:Ess:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuiksi                        :P:Tra:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuin                          :P:Ins:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikuitta                        :P:Abe:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtikkuine                        :P:Kom:                   cocktailtikku
cocktailtilaisuus                       :S:Nom:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuden                     :S:Gen:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuutta                     :S:Par:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuudessa                   :S:Ine:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuudesta                   :S:Ela:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuteen                    :S:Ill:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuudella                   :S:Ade:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuudelta                   :S:Abl:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuudelle                   :S:All:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuutena                    :S:Ess:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuudeksi                   :S:Tra:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuutta                     :S:Abe:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuudet                     :P:Nom:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksien                   :P:Gen:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksia                    :P:Par:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksista                  :P:Ela:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksille                  :P:All:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksina                   :P:Ess:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksin                    :P:Ins:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   cocktailtilaisuus
cocktailtilaisuuksine                   :P:Kom:                   cocktailtilaisuus
college                                 :S:Nom:                   college
collegen                                :S:Gen:                   college
collegea                                :S:Par:                   college
collegessa                              :S:Ine:                   college
collegesta                              :S:Ela:                   college
collegeen                               :S:Ill:                   college
collegella                              :S:Ade:                   college
collegelta                              :S:Abl:                   college
collegelle                              :S:All:                   college
collegena                               :S:Ess:                   college
collegeksi                              :S:Tra:                   college
collegetta                              :S:Abe:                   college
colleget                                :P:Nom:                   college
collegejen                              :P:Gen:                   college
collegein                               :P:Gen:                   college
collegeja                               :P:Par:                   college
collegeissa                             :P:Ine:                   college
collegeista                             :P:Ela:                   college
collegeihin                             :P:Ill:                   college
collegeilla                             :P:Ade:                   college
collegeilta                             :P:Abl:                   college
collegeille                             :P:All:                   college
collegeina                              :P:Ess:                   college
collegeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   college
collegein                               :P:Ins:                   college
collegeitta                             :P:Abe:                   college
collegeine                              :P:Kom:                   college
collegepusero                           :S:Nom:                   collegepusero
collegepuseron                          :S:Gen:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroa                          :S:Par:                   collegepusero
collegepuserossa                        :S:Ine:                   collegepusero
collegepuserosta                        :S:Ela:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroon                         :S:Ill:                   collegepusero
collegepuserolla                        :S:Ade:                   collegepusero
collegepuserolta                        :S:Abl:                   collegepusero
collegepuserolle                        :S:All:                   collegepusero
collegepuserona                         :S:Ess:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroksi                        :S:Tra:                   collegepusero
collegepuserotta                        :S:Abe:                   collegepusero
collegepuserot                          :P:Nom:                   collegepusero
collegepuserojen                        :P:Gen:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroiden                       :P:Gen:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroitten                      :P:Gen:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroja                         :P:Par:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroita                        :P:Par:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroissa                       :P:Ine:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroista                       :P:Ela:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroihin                       :P:Ill:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroilla                       :P:Ade:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroilta                       :P:Abl:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroille                       :P:All:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroina                        :P:Ess:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroiksi                       :P:Tra:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroin                         :P:Ins:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroitta                       :P:Abe:                   collegepusero
collegepuseroine                        :P:Kom:                   collegepusero
collie                                  :S:Nom:                   collie
collien                                 :S:Gen:                   collie
collieta                                :S:Par:                   collie
colliessa                               :S:Ine:                   collie
colliesta                               :S:Ela:                   collie
collieon                                :S:Ill:                   collie
colliella                               :S:Ade:                   collie
collielta                               :S:Abl:                   collie
collielle                               :S:All:                   collie
colliena                                :S:Ess:                   collie
collieksi                               :S:Tra:                   collie
collietta                               :S:Abe:                   collie
colliet                                 :P:Nom:                   collie
collieiden                              :P:Gen:                   collie
collieitten                             :P:Gen:                   collie
collieita                               :P:Par:                   collie
collieissa                              :P:Ine:                   collie
collieista                              :P:Ela:                   collie
collieihin                              :P:Ill:                   collie
collieilla                              :P:Ade:                   collie
collieilta                              :P:Abl:                   collie
collieille                              :P:All:                   collie
collieina                               :P:Ess:                   collie
collieiksi                              :P:Tra:                   collie
colliein                                :P:Ins:                   collie
collieitta                              :P:Abe:                   collie
collieine                               :P:Kom:                   collie
come-baci                               :S:Nom:                   come-back
come-bacin                              :S:Gen:                   come-back
come-bacia                              :S:Par:                   come-back
come-bacissa                            :S:Ine:                   come-back
come-bacista                            :S:Ela:                   come-back
come-baciin                             :S:Ill:                   come-back
come-bacilla                            :S:Ade:                   come-back
come-bacilta                            :S:Abl:                   come-back
come-bacille                            :S:All:                   come-back
come-bacina                             :S:Ess:                   come-back
come-baciksi                            :S:Tra:                   come-back
come-bacitta                            :S:Abe:                   come-back
come-bacit                              :P:Nom:                   come-back
come-bacien                             :P:Gen:                   come-back
come-baceja                             :P:Par:                   come-back
come-baceissa                           :P:Ine:                   come-back
come-baceista                           :P:Ela:                   come-back
come-baceihin                           :P:Ill:                   come-back
come-baceilla                           :P:Ade:                   come-back
come-baceilta                           :P:Abl:                   come-back
come-baceille                           :P:All:                   come-back
come-baceina                            :P:Ess:                   come-back
come-baceiksi                           :P:Tra:                   come-back
come-bacein                             :P:Ins:                   come-back
come-baceitta                           :P:Abe:                   come-back
come-baceine                            :P:Kom:                   come-back
contra                                  :S:Nom:                   contra
contran                                 :S:Gen:                   contra
contraa                                 :S:Par:                   contra
contrassa                               :S:Ine:                   contra
contrasta                               :S:Ela:                   contra
contraan                                :S:Ill:                   contra
contralla                               :S:Ade:                   contra
contralta                               :S:Abl:                   contra
contralle                               :S:All:                   contra
contrana                                :S:Ess:                   contra
contraksi                               :S:Tra:                   contra
contratta                               :S:Abe:                   contra
contrat                                 :P:Nom:                   contra
contrien                                :P:Gen:                   contra
contrain                                :P:Gen:                   contra
contria                                 :P:Par:                   contra
contrissa                               :P:Ine:                   contra
contrista                               :P:Ela:                   contra
contriin                                :P:Ill:                   contra
contrilla                               :P:Ade:                   contra
contrilta                               :P:Abl:                   contra
contrille                               :P:All:                   contra
contrina                                :P:Ess:                   contra
contriksi                               :P:Tra:                   contra
contrin                                 :P:Ins:                   contra
contritta                               :P:Abe:                   contra
contrine                                :P:Kom:                   contra
contrasissi                             :S:Nom:                   contrasissi
contrasissin                            :S:Gen:                   contrasissi
contrasissiä                            :S:Par:                   contrasissi
contrasississä                          :S:Ine:                   contrasissi
contrasissistä                          :S:Ela:                   contrasissi
contrasissiin                           :S:Ill:                   contrasissi
contrasissillä                          :S:Ade:                   contrasissi
contrasissiltä                          :S:Abl:                   contrasissi
contrasissille                          :S:All:                   contrasissi
contrasissinä                           :S:Ess:                   contrasissi
contrasissiksi                          :S:Tra:                   contrasissi
contrasissittä                          :S:Abe:                   contrasissi
contrasissit                            :P:Nom:                   contrasissi
contrasissien                           :P:Gen:                   contrasissi
contrasissejä                           :P:Par:                   contrasissi
contrasisseissä                         :P:Ine:                   contrasissi
contrasisseistä                         :P:Ela:                   contrasissi
contrasisseihin                         :P:Ill:                   contrasissi
contrasisseillä                         :P:Ade:                   contrasissi
contrasisseiltä                         :P:Abl:                   contrasissi
contrasisseille                         :P:All:                   contrasissi
contrasisseinä                          :P:Ess:                   contrasissi
contrasisseiksi                         :P:Tra:                   contrasissi
contrasissein                           :P:Ins:                   contrasissi
contrasisseittä                         :P:Abe:                   contrasissi
contrasisseine                          :P:Kom:                   contrasissi
copy                                    :S:Nom:                   copy
copyn                                   :S:Gen:                   copy
copya                                   :S:Par:                   copy
copyssa                                 :S:Ine:                   copy
copysta                                 :S:Ela:                   copy
copyyn                                  :S:Ill:                   copy
copylla                                 :S:Ade:                   copy
copylta                                 :S:Abl:                   copy
copylle                                 :S:All:                   copy
copyna                                  :S:Ess:                   copy
copyksi                                 :S:Tra:                   copy
copytta                                 :S:Abe:                   copy
copyt                                   :P:Nom:                   copy
copyjen                                 :P:Gen:                   copy
copyja                                  :P:Par:                   copy
copyissa                                :P:Ine:                   copy
copyista                                :P:Ela:                   copy
copyihin                                :P:Ill:                   copy
copyilla                                :P:Ade:                   copy
copyilta                                :P:Abl:                   copy
copyille                                :P:All:                   copy
copyina                                 :P:Ess:                   copy
copyiksi                                :P:Tra:                   copy
copyin                                  :P:Ins:                   copy
copyitta                                :P:Abe:                   copy
copyine                                 :P:Kom:                   copy
copyrighi                               :S:Nom:                   copyright
copyrighin                              :S:Gen:                   copyright
copyrighia                              :S:Par:                   copyright
copyrighissa                            :S:Ine:                   copyright
copyrighista                            :S:Ela:                   copyright
copyrighiin                             :S:Ill:                   copyright
copyrighilla                            :S:Ade:                   copyright
copyrighilta                            :S:Abl:                   copyright
copyrighille                            :S:All:                   copyright
copyrighina                             :S:Ess:                   copyright
copyrighiksi                            :S:Tra:                   copyright
copyrighitta                            :S:Abe:                   copyright
copyrighit                              :P:Nom:                   copyright
copyrighien                             :P:Gen:                   copyright
copyrigheja                             :P:Par:                   copyright
copyrigheissa                           :P:Ine:                   copyright
copyrigheista                           :P:Ela:                   copyright
copyrigheihin                           :P:Ill:                   copyright
copyrigheilla                           :P:Ade:                   copyright
copyrigheilta                           :P:Abl:                   copyright
copyrigheille                           :P:All:                   copyright
copyrigheina                            :P:Ess:                   copyright
copyrigheiksi                           :P:Tra:                   copyright
copyrighein                             :P:Ins:                   copyright
copyrigheitta                           :P:Abe:                   copyright
copyrigheine                            :P:Kom:                   copyright
copywritei                              :S:Nom:                   copywriter
copywritein                             :S:Gen:                   copywriter
copywriteia                             :S:Par:                   copywriter
copywriteissa                           :S:Ine:                   copywriter
copywriteista                           :S:Ela:                   copywriter
copywriteiin                            :S:Ill:                   copywriter
copywriteilla                           :S:Ade:                   copywriter
copywriteilta                           :S:Abl:                   copywriter
copywriteille                           :S:All:                   copywriter
copywriteina                            :S:Ess:                   copywriter
copywriteiksi                           :S:Tra:                   copywriter
copywriteitta                           :S:Abe:                   copywriter
copywriteit                             :P:Nom:                   copywriter
copywriteien                            :P:Gen:                   copywriter
copywriteeiden                          :P:Gen:                   copywriter
copywriteeitten                         :P:Gen:                   copywriter
copywriteeja                            :P:Par:                   copywriter
copywriteeita                           :P:Par:                   copywriter
copywriteeissa                          :P:Ine:                   copywriter
copywriteeista                          :P:Ela:                   copywriter
copywriteeihin                          :P:Ill:                   copywriter
copywriteeilla                          :P:Ade:                   copywriter
copywriteeilta                          :P:Abl:                   copywriter
copywriteeille                          :P:All:                   copywriter
copywriteeina                           :P:Ess:                   copywriter
copywriteeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   copywriter
copywriteein                            :P:Ins:                   copywriter
copywriteeitta                          :P:Abe:                   copywriter
copywriteeine                           :P:Kom:                   copywriter
cossalaatti                             :S:Nom:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatin                             :S:Gen:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaattia                            :S:Par:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatissa                           :S:Ine:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatista                           :S:Ela:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaattiin                           :S:Ill:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatilla                           :S:Ade:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatilta                           :S:Abl:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatille                           :S:All:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaattina                           :S:Ess:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatiksi                           :S:Tra:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatitta                           :S:Abe:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatit                             :P:Nom:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaattien                           :P:Gen:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatteja                           :P:Par:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaateissa                          :P:Ine:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaateista                          :P:Ela:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatteihin                         :P:Ill:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaateilla                          :P:Ade:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaateilta                          :P:Abl:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaateille                          :P:All:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatteina                          :P:Ess:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaateiksi                          :P:Tra:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatein                            :P:Ins:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaateitta                          :P:Abe:                   cos-salaatti
cossalaatteine                          :P:Kom:                   cos-salaatti
coulombi                                :S:Nom:                   coulombi
coulombin                               :S:Gen:                   coulombi
coulombia                               :S:Par:                   coulombi
coulombissa                             :S:Ine:                   coulombi
coulombista                             :S:Ela:                   coulombi
coulombiin                              :S:Ill:                   coulombi
coulombilla                             :S:Ade:                   coulombi
coulombilta                             :S:Abl:                   coulombi
coulombille                             :S:All:                   coulombi
coulombina                              :S:Ess:                   coulombi
coulombiksi                             :S:Tra:                   coulombi
coulombitta                             :S:Abe:                   coulombi
coulombit                               :P:Nom:                   coulombi
coulombien                              :P:Gen:                   coulombi
coulombeja                              :P:Par:                   coulombi
coulombeissa                            :P:Ine:                   coulombi
coulombeista                            :P:Ela:                   coulombi
coulombeihin                            :P:Ill:                   coulombi
coulombeilla                            :P:Ade:                   coulombi
coulombeilta                            :P:Abl:                   coulombi
coulombeille                            :P:All:                   coulombi
coulombeina                             :P:Ess:                   coulombi
coulombeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   coulombi
coulombein                              :P:Ins:                   coulombi
coulombeitta                            :P:Abe:                   coulombi
coulombeine                             :P:Kom:                   coulombi
country                                 :S:Nom:                   country
countryn                                :S:Gen:                   country
countrya                                :S:Par:                   country
countryssa                              :S:Ine:                   country
countrysta                              :S:Ela:                   country
countryyn                               :S:Ill:                   country
countrylla                              :S:Ade:                   country
countrylta                              :S:Abl:                   country
countrylle                              :S:All:                   country
countryna                               :S:Ess:                   country
countryksi                              :S:Tra:                   country
countrytta                              :S:Abe:                   country
countryt                                :P:Nom:                   country
countryjen                              :P:Gen:                   country
countryja                               :P:Par:                   country
countryissa                             :P:Ine:                   country
countryista                             :P:Ela:                   country
countryihin                             :P:Ill:                   country
countryilla                             :P:Ade:                   country
countryilta                             :P:Abl:                   country
countryille                             :P:All:                   country
countryina                              :P:Ess:                   country
countryiksi                             :P:Tra:                   country
countryin                               :P:Ins:                   country
countryitta                             :P:Abe:                   country
countryine                              :P:Kom:                   country
countrymusiikki                         :S:Nom:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikin                         :S:Gen:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikkia                        :S:Par:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikissa                       :S:Ine:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikista                       :S:Ela:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikkiin                       :S:Ill:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikilla                       :S:Ade:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikilta                       :S:Abl:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikille                       :S:All:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikkina                       :S:Ess:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikiksi                       :S:Tra:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikitta                       :S:Abe:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikit                         :P:Nom:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikkien                       :P:Gen:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikkeja                       :P:Par:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikeissa                      :P:Ine:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikeista                      :P:Ela:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikkeihin                     :P:Ill:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikeilla                      :P:Ade:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikeilta                      :P:Abl:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikeille                      :P:All:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikkeina                      :P:Ess:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikein                        :P:Ins:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikeitta                      :P:Abe:                   countrymusiikki
countrymusiikkeine                      :P:Kom:                   countrymusiikki
coupé                                   :S:Nom:                   coupé
coupén                                  :S:Gen:                   coupé
coupéta                                 :S:Par:                   coupé
coupéssa                                :S:Ine:                   coupé
coupésta                                :S:Ela:                   coupé
coupéhen                                :S:Ill:                   coupé
coupélla                                :S:Ade:                   coupé
coupélta                                :S:Abl:                   coupé
coupélle                                :S:All:                   coupé
coupéna                                 :S:Ess:                   coupé
coupéksi                                :S:Tra:                   coupé
coupétta                                :S:Abe:                   coupé
coupét                                  :P:Nom:                   coupé
coupéiden                               :P:Gen:                   coupé
coupéita                                :P:Par:                   coupé
coupéissa                               :P:Ine:                   coupé
coupéista                               :P:Ela:                   coupé
coupéihin                               :P:Ill:                   coupé
coupéilla                               :P:Ade:                   coupé
coupéilta                               :P:Abl:                   coupé
coupéille                               :P:All:                   coupé
coupéina                                :P:Ess:                   coupé
coupéiksi                               :P:Tra:                   coupé
coupéin                                 :P:Ins:                   coupé
coupéitta                               :P:Abe:                   coupé
coupéine                                :P:Kom:                   coupé
couscoui                                :S:Nom:                   couscous
couscouin                               :S:Gen:                   couscous
couscouia                               :S:Par:                   couscous
couscouissa                             :S:Ine:                   couscous
couscouista                             :S:Ela:                   couscous
couscouiin                              :S:Ill:                   couscous
couscouilla                             :S:Ade:                   couscous
couscouilta                             :S:Abl:                   couscous
couscouille                             :S:All:                   couscous
couscouina                              :S:Ess:                   couscous
couscouiksi                             :S:Tra:                   couscous
couscouitta                             :S:Abe:                   couscous
couscouit                               :P:Nom:                   couscous
couscouien                              :P:Gen:                   couscous
couscoueja                              :P:Par:                   couscous
couscoueissa                            :P:Ine:                   couscous
couscoueista                            :P:Ela:                   couscous
couscoueihin                            :P:Ill:                   couscous
couscoueilla                            :P:Ade:                   couscous
couscoueilta                            :P:Abl:                   couscous
couscoueille                            :P:All:                   couscous
couscoueina                             :P:Ess:                   couscous
couscoueiksi                            :P:Tra:                   couscous
couscouein                              :P:Ins:                   couscous
couscoueitta                            :P:Abe:                   couscous
couscoueine                             :P:Kom:                   couscous
cowboy                                  :S:Nom:                   cowboy
cowboyn                                 :S:Gen:                   cowboy
cowboyta                                :S:Par:                   cowboy
cowboyssa                               :S:Ine:                   cowboy
cowboysta                               :S:Ela:                   cowboy
cowboyhen                               :S:Ill:                   cowboy
cowboylla                               :S:Ade:                   cowboy
cowboylta                               :S:Abl:                   cowboy
cowboylle                               :S:All:                   cowboy
cowboyna                                :S:Ess:                   cowboy
cowboyksi                               :S:Tra:                   cowboy
cowboytta                               :S:Abe:                   cowboy
cowboyt                                 :P:Nom:                   cowboy
cowboyiden                              :P:Gen:                   cowboy
cowboyita                               :P:Par:                   cowboy
cowboyissa                              :P:Ine:                   cowboy
cowboyista                              :P:Ela:                   cowboy
cowboyihin                              :P:Ill:                   cowboy
cowboyilla                              :P:Ade:                   cowboy
cowboyilta                              :P:Abl:                   cowboy
cowboyille                              :P:All:                   cowboy
cowboyina                               :P:Ess:                   cowboy
cowboyiksi                              :P:Tra:                   cowboy
cowboyin                                :P:Ins:                   cowboy
cowboyitta                              :P:Abe:                   cowboy
cowboyine                               :P:Kom:                   cowboy
cowboyhattu                             :S:Nom:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatun                             :S:Gen:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhattua                            :S:Par:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatussa                           :S:Ine:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatusta                           :S:Ela:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhattuun                           :S:Ill:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatulla                           :S:Ade:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatulta                           :S:Abl:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatulle                           :S:All:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhattuna                           :S:Ess:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuksi                           :S:Tra:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatutta                           :S:Abe:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatut                             :P:Nom:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhattujen                          :P:Gen:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhattuja                           :P:Par:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuissa                          :P:Ine:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuista                          :P:Ela:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhattuihin                         :P:Ill:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuilla                          :P:Ade:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuilta                          :P:Abl:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuille                          :P:All:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhattuina                          :P:Ess:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuiksi                          :P:Tra:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuin                            :P:Ins:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhatuitta                          :P:Abe:                   cowboyhattu
cowboyhattuine                          :P:Kom:                   cowboyhattu
craci                                   :S:Nom:                   crack
cracin                                  :S:Gen:                   crack
cracia                                  :S:Par:                   crack
cracissa                                :S:Ine:                   crack
cracista                                :S:Ela:                   crack
craciin                                 :S:Ill:                   crack
cracilla                                :S:Ade:                   crack
cracilta                                :S:Abl:                   crack
cracille                                :S:All:                   crack
cracina                                 :S:Ess:                   crack
craciksi                                :S:Tra:                   crack
cracitta                                :S:Abe:                   crack
cracit                                  :P:Nom:                   crack
cracien                                 :P:Gen:                   crack
craceja                                 :P:Par:                   crack
craceissa                               :P:Ine:                   crack
craceista                               :P:Ela:                   crack
craceihin                               :P:Ill:                   crack
craceilla                               :P:Ade:                   crack
craceilta                               :P:Abl:                   crack
craceille                               :P:All:                   crack
craceina                                :P:Ess:                   crack
craceiksi                               :P:Tra:                   crack
cracein                                 :P:Ins:                   crack
craceitta                               :P:Abe:                   crack
craceine                                :P:Kom:                   crack
crème fraîche                           :S:Nom:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchen                          :S:Gen:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchea                          :S:Par:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchessa                        :S:Ine:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchesta                        :S:Ela:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheen                         :S:Ill:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchella                        :S:Ade:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchelta                        :S:Abl:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchelle                        :S:All:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchena                         :S:Ess:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheksi                        :S:Tra:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchetta                        :S:Abe:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchet                          :P:Nom:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchejen                        :P:Gen:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchein                         :P:Gen:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheja                         :P:Par:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheissa                       :P:Ine:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheista                       :P:Ela:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheihin                       :P:Ill:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheilla                       :P:Ade:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheilta                       :P:Abl:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheille                       :P:All:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheina                        :P:Ess:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheiksi                       :P:Tra:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîchein                         :P:Ins:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheitta                       :P:Abe:                   crème fraîche
crème fraîcheine                        :P:Kom:                   crème fraîche
crêpe                                   :S:Nom:                   crêpe
crêpen                                  :S:Gen:                   crêpe
crêpeä                                  :S:Par:                   crêpe
crêpessä                                :S:Ine:                   crêpe
crêpestä                                :S:Ela:                   crêpe
crêpeen                                 :S:Ill:                   crêpe
crêpellä                                :S:Ade:                   crêpe
crêpeltä                                :S:Abl:                   crêpe
crêpelle                                :S:All:                   crêpe
crêpenä                                 :S:Ess:                   crêpe
crêpeksi                                :S:Tra:                   crêpe
crêpettä                                :S:Abe:                   crêpe
crêpet                                  :P:Nom:                   crêpe
crêpejen                                :P:Gen:                   crêpe
crêpein                                 :P:Gen:                   crêpe
crêpejä                                 :P:Par:                   crêpe
crêpeissä                               :P:Ine:                   crêpe
crêpeistä                               :P:Ela:                   crêpe
crêpeihin                               :P:Ill:                   crêpe
crêpeillä                               :P:Ade:                   crêpe
crêpeiltä                               :P:Abl:                   crêpe
crêpeille                               :P:All:                   crêpe
crêpeinä                                :P:Ess:                   crêpe
crêpeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   crêpe
crêpein                                 :P:Ins:                   crêpe
crêpeittä                               :P:Abe:                   crêpe
crêpeine                                :P:Kom:                   crêpe
crescendo                               :S:Nom:                   crescendo
crescendon                              :S:Gen:                   crescendo
crescendoa                              :S:Par:                   crescendo
crescendossa                            :S:Ine:                   crescendo
crescendosta                            :S:Ela:                   crescendo
crescendoon                             :S:Ill:                   crescendo
crescendolla                            :S:Ade:                   crescendo
crescendolta                            :S:Abl:                   crescendo
crescendolle                            :S:All:                   crescendo
crescendona                             :S:Ess:                   crescendo
crescendoksi                            :S:Tra:                   crescendo
crescendotta                            :S:Abe:                   crescendo
crescendot                              :P:Nom:                   crescendo
crescendojen                            :P:Gen:                   crescendo
crescendoja                             :P:Par:                   crescendo
crescendoissa                           :P:Ine:                   crescendo
crescendoista                           :P:Ela:                   crescendo
crescendoihin                           :P:Ill:                   crescendo
crescendoilla                           :P:Ade:                   crescendo
crescendoilta                           :P:Abl:                   crescendo
crescendoille                           :P:All:                   crescendo
crescendoina                            :P:Ess:                   crescendo
crescendoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   crescendo
crescendoin                             :P:Ins:                   crescendo
crescendoitta                           :P:Abe:                   crescendo
crescendoine                            :P:Kom:                   crescendo
croissani                               :S:Nom:                   croissant
croissanin                              :S:Gen:                   croissant
croissania                              :S:Par:                   croissant
croissanissa                            :S:Ine:                   croissant
croissanista                            :S:Ela:                   croissant
croissaniin                             :S:Ill:                   croissant
croissanilla                            :S:Ade:                   croissant
croissanilta                            :S:Abl:                   croissant
croissanille                            :S:All:                   croissant
croissanina                             :S:Ess:                   croissant
croissaniksi                            :S:Tra:                   croissant
croissanitta                            :S:Abe:                   croissant
croissanit                              :P:Nom:                   croissant
croissanien                             :P:Gen:                   croissant
croissaneja                             :P:Par:                   croissant
croissaneissa                           :P:Ine:                   croissant
croissaneista                           :P:Ela:                   croissant
croissaneihin                           :P:Ill:                   croissant
croissaneilla                           :P:Ade:                   croissant
croissaneilta                           :P:Abl:                   croissant
croissaneille                           :P:All:                   croissant
croissaneina                            :P:Ess:                   croissant
croissaneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   croissant
croissanein                             :P:Ins:                   croissant
croissaneitta                           :P:Abe:                   croissant
croissaneine                            :P:Kom:                   croissant
csárdái                                 :S:Nom:                   csárdás
csárdáin                                :S:Gen:                   csárdás
csárdáiä                                :S:Par:                   csárdás
csárdáissä                              :S:Ine:                   csárdás
csárdáistä                              :S:Ela:                   csárdás
csárdáiin                               :S:Ill:                   csárdás
csárdáillä                              :S:Ade:                   csárdás
csárdáiltä                              :S:Abl:                   csárdás
csárdáille                              :S:All:                   csárdás
csárdáinä                               :S:Ess:                   csárdás
csárdáiksi                              :S:Tra:                   csárdás
csárdáittä                              :S:Abe:                   csárdás
csárdáit                                :P:Nom:                   csárdás
csárdáien                               :P:Gen:                   csárdás
csárdáejä                               :P:Par:                   csárdás
csárdáeissä                             :P:Ine:                   csárdás
csárdáeistä                             :P:Ela:                   csárdás
csárdáeihin                             :P:Ill:                   csárdás
csárdáeillä                             :P:Ade:                   csárdás
csárdáeiltä                             :P:Abl:                   csárdás
csárdáeille                             :P:All:                   csárdás
csárdáeinä                              :P:Ess:                   csárdás
csárdáeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   csárdás
csárdáein                               :P:Ins:                   csárdás
csárdáeittä                             :P:Abe:                   csárdás
csárdáeine                              :P:Kom:                   csárdás
csárdás                                 :S:Nom:                   csárdás
csárdáksen                              :S:Gen:                   csárdás
csárdástä                               :S:Par:                   csárdás
csárdáksessä                            :S:Ine:                   csárdás
csárdáksestä                            :S:Ela:                   csárdás
csárdákseen                             :S:Ill:                   csárdás
csárdáksellä                            :S:Ade:                   csárdás
csárdákseltä                            :S:Abl:                   csárdás
csárdákselle                            :S:All:                   csárdás
csárdáksenä                             :S:Ess:                   csárdás
csárdákseksi                            :S:Tra:                   csárdás
csárdáksettä                            :S:Abe:                   csárdás
csárdákset                              :P:Nom:                   csárdás
csárdásten                              :P:Gen:                   csárdás
csárdáksien                             :P:Gen:                   csárdás
csárdáksiä                              :P:Par:                   csárdás
csárdáksissä                            :P:Ine:                   csárdás
csárdáksistä                            :P:Ela:                   csárdás
csárdáksiin                             :P:Ill:                   csárdás
csárdáksillä                            :P:Ade:                   csárdás
csárdáksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   csárdás
csárdáksille                            :P:All:                   csárdás
csárdáksinä                             :P:Ess:                   csárdás
csárdáksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   csárdás
csárdáksin                              :P:Ins:                   csárdás
csárdáksittä                            :P:Abe:                   csárdás
csárdáksine                             :P:Kom:                   csárdás
cum laude                               :S:Nom:                   cum laude
cum lauden                              :S:Gen:                   cum laude
cum laudea                              :S:Par:                   cum laude
cum laudessa                            :S:Ine:                   cum laude
cum laudesta                            :S:Ela:                   cum laude
cum laudeen                             :S:Ill:                   cum laude
cum laudella                            :S:Ade:                   cum laude
cum laudelta                            :S:Abl:                   cum laude
cum laudelle                            :S:All:                   cum laude
cum laudena                             :S:Ess:                   cum laude
cum laudeksi                            :S:Tra:                   cum laude
cum laudetta                            :S:Abe:                   cum laude
cum laudet                              :P:Nom:                   cum laude
cum laudejen                            :P:Gen:                   cum laude
cum laudein                             :P:Gen:                   cum laude
cum laudeja                             :P:Par:                   cum laude
cum laudeissa                           :P:Ine:                   cum laude
cum laudeista                           :P:Ela:                   cum laude
cum laudeihin                           :P:Ill:                   cum laude
cum laudeilla                           :P:Ade:                   cum laude
cum laudeilta                           :P:Abl:                   cum laude
cum laudeille                           :P:All:                   cum laude
cum laudeina                            :P:Ess:                   cum laude
cum laudeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   cum laude
cum laudein                             :P:Ins:                   cum laude
cum laudeitta                           :P:Abe:                   cum laude
cum laudeine                            :P:Kom:                   cum laude
cum laude approbatui                    :S:Nom:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuin                   :S:Gen:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuia                   :S:Par:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuissa                 :S:Ine:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuista                 :S:Ela:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuiin                  :S:Ill:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuilla                 :S:Ade:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuilta                 :S:Abl:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuille                 :S:All:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuina                  :S:Ess:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuiksi                 :S:Tra:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuitta                 :S:Abe:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuit                   :P:Nom:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuien                  :P:Gen:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueiden                :P:Gen:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueitten               :P:Gen:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueja                  :P:Par:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueita                 :P:Par:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueissa                :P:Ine:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueista                :P:Ela:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueihin                :P:Ill:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueilla                :P:Ade:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueilta                :P:Abl:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueille                :P:All:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueina                 :P:Ess:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueiksi                :P:Tra:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatuein                  :P:Ins:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueitta                :P:Abe:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude approbatueine                 :P:Kom:                   cum laude approbatur
cum laude -arvosana                     :S:Nom:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanan                    :S:Gen:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanaa                    :S:Par:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanassa                  :S:Ine:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanasta                  :S:Ela:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanaan                   :S:Ill:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanalla                  :S:Ade:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanalta                  :S:Abl:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanalle                  :S:All:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanana                   :S:Ess:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanaksi                  :S:Tra:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanatta                  :S:Abe:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanat                    :P:Nom:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanojen                  :P:Gen:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanain                   :P:Gen:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoja                   :P:Par:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoissa                 :P:Ine:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoista                 :P:Ela:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoihin                 :P:Ill:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoilla                 :P:Ade:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoilta                 :P:Abl:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoille                 :P:All:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoina                  :P:Ess:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoiksi                 :P:Tra:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoin                   :P:Ins:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoitta                 :P:Abe:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude -arvosanoine                  :P:Kom:                   cum laude -arvosana
cum laude tentti                        :S:Nom:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentin                        :S:Gen:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenttiä                       :S:Par:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentissä                      :S:Ine:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentistä                      :S:Ela:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenttiin                      :S:Ill:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentillä                      :S:Ade:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentiltä                      :S:Abl:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentille                      :S:All:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenttinä                      :S:Ess:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentiksi                      :S:Tra:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentittä                      :S:Abe:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentit                        :P:Nom:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenttien                      :P:Gen:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenttejä                      :P:Par:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenteissä                     :P:Ine:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenteistä                     :P:Ela:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentteihin                    :P:Ill:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenteillä                     :P:Ade:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenteiltä                     :P:Abl:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenteille                     :P:All:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentteinä                     :P:Ess:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenteiksi                     :P:Tra:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentein                       :P:Ins:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tenteittä                     :P:Abe:                   cum laude -tentti
cum laude tentteine                     :P:Kom:                   cum laude -tentti
cumulus                                 :S:Nom:                   cumulus
cumuluksen                              :S:Gen:                   cumulus
cumulusta                               :S:Par:                   cumulus
cumuluksessa                            :S:Ine:                   cumulus
cumuluksesta                            :S:Ela:                   cumulus
cumulukseen                             :S:Ill:                   cumulus
cumuluksella                            :S:Ade:                   cumulus
cumulukselta                            :S:Abl:                   cumulus
cumulukselle                            :S:All:                   cumulus
cumuluksena                             :S:Ess:                   cumulus
cumulukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   cumulus
cumuluksetta                            :S:Abe:                   cumulus
cumulukset                              :P:Nom:                   cumulus
cumulusten                              :P:Gen:                   cumulus
cumuluksien                             :P:Gen:                   cumulus
cumuluksia                              :P:Par:                   cumulus
cumuluksissa                            :P:Ine:                   cumulus
cumuluksista                            :P:Ela:                   cumulus
cumuluksiin                             :P:Ill:                   cumulus
cumuluksilla                            :P:Ade:                   cumulus
cumuluksilta                            :P:Abl:                   cumulus
cumuluksille                            :P:All:                   cumulus
cumuluksina                             :P:Ess:                   cumulus
cumuluksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   cumulus
cumuluksin                              :P:Ins:                   cumulus
cumuluksitta                            :P:Abe:                   cumulus
cumuluksine                             :P:Kom:                   cumulus
cumuluspilvi                            :S:Nom:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilven                           :S:Gen:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilveä                           :S:Par:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvessä                         :S:Ine:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvestä                         :S:Ela:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilveen                          :S:Ill:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvellä                         :S:Ade:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilveltä                         :S:Abl:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvelle                         :S:All:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvenä                          :S:Ess:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilveksi                         :S:Tra:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvettä                         :S:Abe:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvet                           :P:Nom:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvien                          :P:Gen:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilviä                           :P:Par:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvissä                         :P:Ine:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvistä                         :P:Ela:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilviin                          :P:Ill:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvillä                         :P:Ade:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilviltä                         :P:Abl:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilville                         :P:All:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvinä                          :P:Ess:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilviksi                         :P:Tra:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvin                           :P:Ins:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvittä                         :P:Abe:                   cumuluspilvi
cumuluspilvine                          :P:Kom:                   cumuluspilvi
cui                                     :S:Nom:                   cup
cuin                                    :S:Gen:                   cup
cuia                                    :S:Par:                   cup
cuissa                                  :S:Ine:                   cup
cuista                                  :S:Ela:                   cup
cuiin                                   :S:Ill:                   cup
cuilla                                  :S:Ade:                   cup
cuilta                                  :S:Abl:                   cup
cuille                                  :S:All:                   cup
cuina                                   :S:Ess:                   cup
cuiksi                                  :S:Tra:                   cup
cuitta                                  :S:Abe:                   cup
cuit                                    :P:Nom:                   cup
cuien                                   :P:Gen:                   cup
cueja                                   :P:Par:                   cup
cueissa                                 :P:Ine:                   cup
cueista                                 :P:Ela:                   cup
cueihin                                 :P:Ill:                   cup
cueilla                                 :P:Ade:                   cup
cueilta                                 :P:Abl:                   cup
cueille                                 :P:All:                   cup
cueina                                  :P:Ess:                   cup
cueiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   cup
cuein                                   :P:Ins:                   cup
cueitta                                 :P:Abe:                   cup
cueine                                  :P:Kom:                   cup
cupvoittaja                             :S:Nom:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajan                            :S:Gen:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajaa                            :S:Par:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajassa                          :S:Ine:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajasta                          :S:Ela:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajaan                           :S:Ill:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajalla                          :S:Ade:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajalta                          :S:Abl:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajalle                          :S:All:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajana                           :S:Ess:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajaksi                          :S:Tra:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajatta                          :S:Abe:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajat                            :P:Nom:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajien                           :P:Gen:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajain                           :P:Gen:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajia                            :P:Par:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajissa                          :P:Ine:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajista                          :P:Ela:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajiin                           :P:Ill:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajilla                          :P:Ade:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajilta                          :P:Abl:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajille                          :P:All:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajina                           :P:Ess:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajiksi                          :P:Tra:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajin                            :P:Ins:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajitta                          :P:Abe:                   cupvoittaja
cupvoittajine                           :P:Kom:                   cupvoittaja
curry                                   :S:Nom:                   curry
curryn                                  :S:Gen:                   curry
currya                                  :S:Par:                   curry
curryssa                                :S:Ine:                   curry
currysta                                :S:Ela:                   curry
curryyn                                 :S:Ill:                   curry
currylla                                :S:Ade:                   curry
currylta                                :S:Abl:                   curry
currylle                                :S:All:                   curry
curryna                                 :S:Ess:                   curry
curryksi                                :S:Tra:                   curry
currytta                                :S:Abe:                   curry
curryt                                  :P:Nom:                   curry
curryjen                                :P:Gen:                   curry
curryja                                 :P:Par:                   curry
curryissa                               :P:Ine:                   curry
curryista                               :P:Ela:                   curry
curryihin                               :P:Ill:                   curry
curryilla                               :P:Ade:                   curry
curryilta                               :P:Abl:                   curry
curryille                               :P:All:                   curry
curryina                                :P:Ess:                   curry
curryiksi                               :P:Tra:                   curry
curryin                                 :P:Ins:                   curry
curryitta                               :P:Abe:                   curry
curryine                                :P:Kom:                   curry
currykana                               :S:Nom:                   currykana
currykanan                              :S:Gen:                   currykana
currykanaa                              :S:Par:                   currykana
currykanassa                            :S:Ine:                   currykana
currykanasta                            :S:Ela:                   currykana
currykanaan                             :S:Ill:                   currykana
currykanalla                            :S:Ade:                   currykana
currykanalta                            :S:Abl:                   currykana
currykanalle                            :S:All:                   currykana
currykanana                             :S:Ess:                   currykana
currykanaksi                            :S:Tra:                   currykana
currykanatta                            :S:Abe:                   currykana
currykanat                              :P:Nom:                   currykana
currykanojen                            :P:Gen:                   currykana
currykanain                             :P:Gen:                   currykana
currykanoja                             :P:Par:                   currykana
currykanoissa                           :P:Ine:                   currykana
currykanoista                           :P:Ela:                   currykana
currykanoihin                           :P:Ill:                   currykana
currykanoilla                           :P:Ade:                   currykana
currykanoilta                           :P:Abl:                   currykana
currykanoille                           :P:All:                   currykana
currykanoina                            :P:Ess:                   currykana
currykanoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   currykana
currykanoin                             :P:Ins:                   currykana
currykanoitta                           :P:Abe:                   currykana
currykanoine                            :P:Kom:                   currykana
currykastike                            :S:Nom:                   currykastike
currykastikkeen                         :S:Gen:                   currykastike
currykastiketta                         :S:Par:                   currykastike
currykastikkeessa                       :S:Ine:                   currykastike
currykastikkeesta                       :S:Ela:                   currykastike
currykastikkeeseen                      :S:Ill:                   currykastike
currykastikkeella                       :S:Ade:                   currykastike
currykastikkeelta                       :S:Abl:                   currykastike
currykastikkeelle                       :S:All:                   currykastike
currykastikkeena                        :S:Ess:                   currykastike
currykastikkeeksi                       :S:Tra:                   currykastike
currykastikkeetta                       :S:Abe:                   currykastike
currykastikkeet                         :P:Nom:                   currykastike
currykastikkeiden                       :P:Gen:                   currykastike
currykastikeitten                       :P:Gen:                   currykastike
currykastikkeita                        :P:Par:                   currykastike
currykastikkeissa                       :P:Ine:                   currykastike
currykastikkeista                       :P:Ela:                   currykastike
currykastikkeisiin                      :P:Ill:                   currykastike
currykastikkeihin                       :P:Ill:                   currykastike
currykastikkeilla                       :P:Ade:                   currykastike
currykastikkeilta                       :P:Abl:                   currykastike
currykastikkeille                       :P:All:                   currykastike
currykastikkeina                        :P:Ess:                   currykastike
currykastikkeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   currykastike
currykastikkein                         :P:Ins:                   currykastike
currykastikkeitta                       :P:Abe:                   currykastike
currykastikkeine                        :P:Kom:                   currykastike
