gaala                                   :S:Nom:                   gaala
gaalan                                  :S:Gen:                   gaala
gaalaa                                  :S:Par:                   gaala
gaalassa                                :S:Ine:                   gaala
gaalasta                                :S:Ela:                   gaala
gaalaan                                 :S:Ill:                   gaala
gaalalla                                :S:Ade:                   gaala
gaalalta                                :S:Abl:                   gaala
gaalalle                                :S:All:                   gaala
gaalana                                 :S:Ess:                   gaala
gaalaksi                                :S:Tra:                   gaala
gaalatta                                :S:Abe:                   gaala
gaalat                                  :P:Nom:                   gaala
gaalojen                                :P:Gen:                   gaala
gaalain                                 :P:Gen:                   gaala
gaaloja                                 :P:Par:                   gaala
gaaloissa                               :P:Ine:                   gaala
gaaloista                               :P:Ela:                   gaala
gaaloihin                               :P:Ill:                   gaala
gaaloilla                               :P:Ade:                   gaala
gaaloilta                               :P:Abl:                   gaala
gaaloille                               :P:All:                   gaala
gaaloina                                :P:Ess:                   gaala
gaaloiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gaala
gaaloin                                 :P:Ins:                   gaala
gaaloitta                               :P:Abe:                   gaala
gaaloine                                :P:Kom:                   gaala
gaala-ilta                              :S:Nom:                   gaalailta
gaalaillan                              :S:Gen:                   gaalailta
gaala-iltaa                             :S:Par:                   gaalailta
gaala-illassa                           :S:Ine:                   gaalailta
gaala-illasta                           :S:Ela:                   gaalailta
gaalailtaan                             :S:Ill:                   gaalailta
gaala-illalla                           :S:Ade:                   gaalailta
gaala-illalta                           :S:Abl:                   gaalailta
gaalaillalle                            :S:All:                   gaalailta
gaala-iltana                            :S:Ess:                   gaalailta
gaalaillaksi                            :S:Tra:                   gaalailta
gaala-illatta                           :S:Abe:                   gaalailta
gaalaillat                              :P:Nom:                   gaalailta
gaalailtojen                            :P:Gen:                   gaalailta
gaalailtain                             :P:Gen:                   gaalailta
gaala-iltoja                            :P:Par:                   gaalailta
gaala-illoissa                          :P:Ine:                   gaalailta
gaala-illoista                          :P:Ela:                   gaalailta
gaalailtoihin                           :P:Ill:                   gaalailta
gaala-illoilla                          :P:Ade:                   gaalailta
gaala-illoilta                          :P:Abl:                   gaalailta
gaalailloille                           :P:All:                   gaalailta
gaala-iltoina                           :P:Ess:                   gaalailta
gaalailloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gaalailta
gaalailloin                             :P:Ins:                   gaalailta
gaala-illoitta                          :P:Abe:                   gaalailta
gaalailtoine                            :P:Kom:                   gaalailta
gabardiini                              :S:Nom:                   gabardiini
gabardiinin                             :S:Gen:                   gabardiini
gabardiinia                             :S:Par:                   gabardiini
gabardiinissa                           :S:Ine:                   gabardiini
gabardiinista                           :S:Ela:                   gabardiini
gabardiiniin                            :S:Ill:                   gabardiini
gabardiinilla                           :S:Ade:                   gabardiini
gabardiinilta                           :S:Abl:                   gabardiini
gabardiinille                           :S:All:                   gabardiini
gabardiinina                            :S:Ess:                   gabardiini
gabardiiniksi                           :S:Tra:                   gabardiini
gabardiinitta                           :S:Abe:                   gabardiini
gabardiinit                             :P:Nom:                   gabardiini
gabardiinien                            :P:Gen:                   gabardiini
gabardiineja                            :P:Par:                   gabardiini
gabardiineissa                          :P:Ine:                   gabardiini
gabardiineista                          :P:Ela:                   gabardiini
gabardiineihin                          :P:Ill:                   gabardiini
gabardiineilla                          :P:Ade:                   gabardiini
gabardiineilta                          :P:Abl:                   gabardiini
gabardiineille                          :P:All:                   gabardiini
gabardiineina                           :P:Ess:                   gabardiini
gabardiineiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gabardiini
gabardiinein                            :P:Ins:                   gabardiini
gabardiineitta                          :P:Abe:                   gabardiini
gabardiineine                           :P:Kom:                   gabardiini
gabro                                   :S:Nom:                   gabro
gabron                                  :S:Gen:                   gabro
gabroa                                  :S:Par:                   gabro
gabrossa                                :S:Ine:                   gabro
gabrosta                                :S:Ela:                   gabro
gabroon                                 :S:Ill:                   gabro
gabrolla                                :S:Ade:                   gabro
gabrolta                                :S:Abl:                   gabro
gabrolle                                :S:All:                   gabro
gabrona                                 :S:Ess:                   gabro
gabroksi                                :S:Tra:                   gabro
gabrotta                                :S:Abe:                   gabro
gabrot                                  :P:Nom:                   gabro
gabrojen                                :P:Gen:                   gabro
gabroja                                 :P:Par:                   gabro
gabroissa                               :P:Ine:                   gabro
gabroista                               :P:Ela:                   gabro
gabroihin                               :P:Ill:                   gabro
gabroilla                               :P:Ade:                   gabro
gabroilta                               :P:Abl:                   gabro
gabroille                               :P:All:                   gabro
gabroina                                :P:Ess:                   gabro
gabroiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gabro
gabroin                                 :P:Ins:                   gabro
gabroitta                               :P:Abe:                   gabro
gabroine                                :P:Kom:                   gabro
gaeli                                   :S:Nom:                   gaeli
gaelin                                  :S:Gen:                   gaeli
gaelia                                  :S:Par:                   gaeli
gaelissa                                :S:Ine:                   gaeli
gaelista                                :S:Ela:                   gaeli
gaeliin                                 :S:Ill:                   gaeli
gaelilla                                :S:Ade:                   gaeli
gaelilta                                :S:Abl:                   gaeli
gaelille                                :S:All:                   gaeli
gaelina                                 :S:Ess:                   gaeli
gaeliksi                                :S:Tra:                   gaeli
gaelitta                                :S:Abe:                   gaeli
gaelit                                  :P:Nom:                   gaeli
gaelien                                 :P:Gen:                   gaeli
gaeleja                                 :P:Par:                   gaeli
gaeleissa                               :P:Ine:                   gaeli
gaeleista                               :P:Ela:                   gaeli
gaeleihin                               :P:Ill:                   gaeli
gaeleilla                               :P:Ade:                   gaeli
gaeleilta                               :P:Abl:                   gaeli
gaeleille                               :P:All:                   gaeli
gaeleina                                :P:Ess:                   gaeli
gaeleiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gaeli
gaelein                                 :P:Ins:                   gaeli
gaeleitta                               :P:Abe:                   gaeli
gaeleine                                :P:Kom:                   gaeli
gaelin kieli                            :S:Nom:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielen                           :S:Gen:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieltä                           :S:Par:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielessä                         :S:Ine:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielestä                         :S:Ela:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieleen                          :S:Ill:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielellä                         :S:Ade:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieleltä                         :S:Abl:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielelle                         :S:All:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielenä                          :S:Ess:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieleksi                         :S:Tra:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielettä                         :S:Abe:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielet                           :P:Nom:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielten                          :P:Gen:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielien                          :P:Gen:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieliä                           :P:Par:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielissä                         :P:Ine:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielistä                         :P:Ela:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieliin                          :P:Ill:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielillä                         :P:Ade:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieliltä                         :P:Abl:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielille                         :P:All:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielinä                          :P:Ess:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieliksi                         :P:Tra:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielin                           :P:Ins:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kielittä                         :P:Abe:                   gaelin kieli
gaelin kieline                          :P:Kom:                   gaelin kieli
galaksi                                 :S:Nom:                   galaksi
galaksin                                :S:Gen:                   galaksi
galaksia                                :S:Par:                   galaksi
galaksissa                              :S:Ine:                   galaksi
galaksista                              :S:Ela:                   galaksi
galaksiin                               :S:Ill:                   galaksi
galaksilla                              :S:Ade:                   galaksi
galaksilta                              :S:Abl:                   galaksi
galaksille                              :S:All:                   galaksi
galaksina                               :S:Ess:                   galaksi
galaksiksi                              :S:Tra:                   galaksi
galaksitta                              :S:Abe:                   galaksi
galaksit                                :P:Nom:                   galaksi
galaksien                               :P:Gen:                   galaksi
galakseja                               :P:Par:                   galaksi
galakseissa                             :P:Ine:                   galaksi
galakseista                             :P:Ela:                   galaksi
galakseihin                             :P:Ill:                   galaksi
galakseilla                             :P:Ade:                   galaksi
galakseilta                             :P:Abl:                   galaksi
galakseille                             :P:All:                   galaksi
galakseina                              :P:Ess:                   galaksi
galakseiksi                             :P:Tra:                   galaksi
galaksein                               :P:Ins:                   galaksi
galakseitta                             :P:Abe:                   galaksi
galakseine                              :P:Kom:                   galaksi
galatalaiskirje                         :S:Nom:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeen                       :S:Gen:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjettä                      :S:Par:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeessä                     :S:Ine:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeestä                     :S:Ela:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeeseen                    :S:Ill:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeellä                     :S:Ade:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeeltä                     :S:Abl:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeelle                     :S:All:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeenä                      :S:Ess:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeeksi                     :S:Tra:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeettä                     :S:Abe:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeet                       :P:Nom:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeiden                     :P:Gen:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeitten                    :P:Gen:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeitä                      :P:Par:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeissä                     :P:Ine:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeistä                     :P:Ela:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeisiin                    :P:Ill:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeihin                     :P:Ill:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeillä                     :P:Ade:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeiltä                     :P:Abl:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeille                     :P:All:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeinä                      :P:Ess:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeiksi                     :P:Tra:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjein                       :P:Ins:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeittä                     :P:Abe:                   galatalaiskirje
galatalaiskirjeine                      :P:Kom:                   galatalaiskirje
galleria                                :S:Nom:                   galleria
gallerian                               :S:Gen:                   galleria
galleriaa                               :S:Par:                   galleria
galleriassa                             :S:Ine:                   galleria
galleriasta                             :S:Ela:                   galleria
galleriaan                              :S:Ill:                   galleria
gallerialla                             :S:Ade:                   galleria
gallerialta                             :S:Abl:                   galleria
gallerialle                             :S:All:                   galleria
galleriana                              :S:Ess:                   galleria
galleriaksi                             :S:Tra:                   galleria
galleriatta                             :S:Abe:                   galleria
galleriat                               :P:Nom:                   galleria
gallerioiden                            :P:Gen:                   galleria
gallerioitten                           :P:Gen:                   galleria
galleriain                              :P:Gen:                   galleria
gallerioita                             :P:Par:                   galleria
gallerioissa                            :P:Ine:                   galleria
gallerioista                            :P:Ela:                   galleria
gallerioihin                            :P:Ill:                   galleria
gallerioilla                            :P:Ade:                   galleria
gallerioilta                            :P:Abl:                   galleria
gallerioille                            :P:All:                   galleria
gallerioina                             :P:Ess:                   galleria
gallerioiksi                            :P:Tra:                   galleria
gallerioin                              :P:Ins:                   galleria
gallerioitta                            :P:Abe:                   galleria
gallerioine                             :P:Kom:                   galleria
galleristi                              :S:Nom:                   galleristi
galleristin                             :S:Gen:                   galleristi
galleristia                             :S:Par:                   galleristi
galleristissa                           :S:Ine:                   galleristi
galleristista                           :S:Ela:                   galleristi
galleristiin                            :S:Ill:                   galleristi
galleristilla                           :S:Ade:                   galleristi
galleristilta                           :S:Abl:                   galleristi
galleristille                           :S:All:                   galleristi
galleristina                            :S:Ess:                   galleristi
galleristiksi                           :S:Tra:                   galleristi
galleristitta                           :S:Abe:                   galleristi
galleristit                             :P:Nom:                   galleristi
galleristien                            :P:Gen:                   galleristi
galleristeja                            :P:Par:                   galleristi
galleristeissa                          :P:Ine:                   galleristi
galleristeista                          :P:Ela:                   galleristi
galleristeihin                          :P:Ill:                   galleristi
galleristeilla                          :P:Ade:                   galleristi
galleristeilta                          :P:Abl:                   galleristi
galleristeille                          :P:All:                   galleristi
galleristeina                           :P:Ess:                   galleristi
galleristeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   galleristi
galleristein                            :P:Ins:                   galleristi
galleristeitta                          :P:Abe:                   galleristi
galleristeine                           :P:Kom:                   galleristi
gallialainen                            :S:Nom:                   gallialainen
gallialaisen                            :S:Gen:                   gallialainen
gallialaista                            :S:Par:                   gallialainen
gallialaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   gallialainen
gallialaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   gallialainen
gallialaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   gallialainen
gallialaisella                          :S:Ade:                   gallialainen
gallialaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   gallialainen
gallialaiselle                          :S:All:                   gallialainen
gallialaisena                           :S:Ess:                   gallialainen
gallialaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   gallialainen
gallialaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   gallialainen
gallialaiset                            :P:Nom:                   gallialainen
gallialaisten                           :P:Gen:                   gallialainen
gallialaisin                            :P:Gen:                   gallialainen
gallialaisia                            :P:Par:                   gallialainen
gallialaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   gallialainen
gallialaisista                          :P:Ela:                   gallialainen
gallialaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   gallialainen
gallialaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   gallialainen
gallialaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   gallialainen
gallialaisille                          :P:All:                   gallialainen
gallialaisina                           :P:Ess:                   gallialainen
gallialaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gallialainen
gallialaisin                            :P:Ins:                   gallialainen
gallialaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   gallialainen
gallialaisine                           :P:Kom:                   gallialainen
gallialaisuus                           :S:Nom:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuutta                         :S:Par:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuudelle                       :S:All:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksille                      :P:All:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   gallialaisuus
gallialaisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   gallialaisuus
gallona                                 :S:Nom:                   gallona
gallonan                                :S:Gen:                   gallona
gallonaa                                :S:Par:                   gallona
gallonassa                              :S:Ine:                   gallona
gallonasta                              :S:Ela:                   gallona
gallonaan                               :S:Ill:                   gallona
gallonalla                              :S:Ade:                   gallona
gallonalta                              :S:Abl:                   gallona
gallonalle                              :S:All:                   gallona
gallonana                               :S:Ess:                   gallona
gallonaksi                              :S:Tra:                   gallona
gallonatta                              :S:Abe:                   gallona
gallonat                                :P:Nom:                   gallona
gallonien                               :P:Gen:                   gallona
gallonain                               :P:Gen:                   gallona
gallonia                                :P:Par:                   gallona
gallonissa                              :P:Ine:                   gallona
gallonista                              :P:Ela:                   gallona
galloniin                               :P:Ill:                   gallona
gallonilla                              :P:Ade:                   gallona
gallonilta                              :P:Abl:                   gallona
gallonille                              :P:All:                   gallona
gallonina                               :P:Ess:                   gallona
galloniksi                              :P:Tra:                   gallona
gallonin                                :P:Ins:                   gallona
gallonitta                              :P:Abe:                   gallona
gallonine                               :P:Kom:                   gallona
gallui                                  :S:Nom:                   gallup
galluin                                 :S:Gen:                   gallup
galluia                                 :S:Par:                   gallup
galluissa                               :S:Ine:                   gallup
galluista                               :S:Ela:                   gallup
galluiin                                :S:Ill:                   gallup
galluilla                               :S:Ade:                   gallup
galluilta                               :S:Abl:                   gallup
galluille                               :S:All:                   gallup
galluina                                :S:Ess:                   gallup
galluiksi                               :S:Tra:                   gallup
galluitta                               :S:Abe:                   gallup
galluit                                 :P:Nom:                   gallup
galluien                                :P:Gen:                   gallup
gallueiden                              :P:Gen:                   gallup
gallueitten                             :P:Gen:                   gallup
gallueja                                :P:Par:                   gallup
gallueita                               :P:Par:                   gallup
gallueissa                              :P:Ine:                   gallup
gallueista                              :P:Ela:                   gallup
gallueihin                              :P:Ill:                   gallup
gallueilla                              :P:Ade:                   gallup
gallueilta                              :P:Abl:                   gallup
gallueille                              :P:All:                   gallup
gallueina                               :P:Ess:                   gallup
gallueiksi                              :P:Tra:                   gallup
galluein                                :P:Ins:                   gallup
gallueitta                              :P:Abe:                   gallup
gallueine                               :P:Kom:                   gallup
gallupkysely                            :S:Nom:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyn                           :S:Gen:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyä                           :S:Par:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyssä                         :S:Ine:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselystä                         :S:Ela:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyyn                          :S:Ill:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyllä                         :S:Ade:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyltä                         :S:Abl:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselylle                         :S:All:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselynä                          :S:Ess:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyksi                         :S:Tra:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyttä                         :S:Abe:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyt                           :P:Nom:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyjen                         :P:Gen:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyiden                        :P:Gen:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyitten                       :P:Gen:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyjä                          :P:Par:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyitä                         :P:Par:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyissä                        :P:Ine:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyistä                        :P:Ela:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyihin                        :P:Ill:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyillä                        :P:Ade:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyiltä                        :P:Abl:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyille                        :P:All:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyinä                         :P:Ess:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyin                          :P:Ins:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyittä                        :P:Abe:                   gallupkysely
gallupkyselyine                         :P:Kom:                   gallupkysely
gallupoin                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          gallupoida
gallupoit                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoimme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoitte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoivat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoidaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoida                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupoin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          gallupoida
gallupoit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupoinen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          gallupoida
gallupoinet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoinee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoinemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoinette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoinevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupoisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          gallupoida
gallupoisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoikoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoikaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoikaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoikoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoi                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoida                              :Inf1:                    gallupoida
gallupoidakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  gallupoida
gallupoidessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            gallupoida
gallupoitaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            gallupoida
gallupoiden                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            gallupoida
gallupoimassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            gallupoida
gallupoimasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            gallupoida
gallupoimaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            gallupoida
gallupoimalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            gallupoida
gallupoimatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            gallupoida
gallupoiman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            gallupoida
gallupoitaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            gallupoida
gallupoiminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                gallupoida
gallupoimista                           :Inf4:Par:                gallupoida
gallupoimaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    gallupoida
gallupoiva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             gallupoida
gallupoitava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoima                              :Cip:Age:                 gallupoida
gallupoimaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             gallupoida
gallupoinut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoineet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gallupoida
gallupoitu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         gallupoida
gallupointi                             :S:Nom:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnin                            :S:Gen:                   gallupointi
gallupointia                            :S:Par:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnissa                          :S:Ine:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnista                          :S:Ela:                   gallupointi
gallupointiin                           :S:Ill:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnilla                          :S:Ade:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnilta                          :S:Abl:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnille                          :S:All:                   gallupointi
gallupointina                           :S:Ess:                   gallupointi
gallupoinniksi                          :S:Tra:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnitta                          :S:Abe:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnit                            :P:Nom:                   gallupointi
gallupointien                           :P:Gen:                   gallupointi
gallupointeja                           :P:Par:                   gallupointi
gallupoinneissa                         :P:Ine:                   gallupointi
gallupoinneista                         :P:Ela:                   gallupointi
gallupointeihin                         :P:Ill:                   gallupointi
gallupoinneilla                         :P:Ade:                   gallupointi
gallupoinneilta                         :P:Abl:                   gallupointi
gallupoinneille                         :P:All:                   gallupointi
gallupointeina                          :P:Ess:                   gallupointi
gallupoinneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gallupointi
gallupoinnein                           :P:Ins:                   gallupointi
gallupoinneitta                         :P:Abe:                   gallupointi
gallupointeine                          :P:Kom:                   gallupointi
galluptutkimus                          :S:Nom:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksen                       :S:Gen:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimusta                        :S:Par:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimukseen                      :S:Ill:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksella                     :S:Ade:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimukselta                     :S:Abl:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimukselle                     :S:All:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksena                      :S:Ess:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimukset                       :P:Nom:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimusten                       :P:Gen:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksien                      :P:Gen:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksia                       :P:Par:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksista                     :P:Ela:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksille                     :P:All:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksina                      :P:Ess:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksin                       :P:Ins:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   galluptutkimus
galluptutkimuksine                      :P:Kom:                   galluptutkimus
galvaaninen                             :S:Nom:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisen                             :S:Gen:                   galvaaninen
galvaanista                             :S:Par:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisessa                           :S:Ine:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisesta                           :S:Ela:                   galvaaninen
galvaaniseen                            :S:Ill:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisella                           :S:Ade:                   galvaaninen
galvaaniselta                           :S:Abl:                   galvaaninen
galvaaniselle                           :S:All:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisena                            :S:Ess:                   galvaaninen
galvaaniseksi                           :S:Tra:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisetta                           :S:Abe:                   galvaaninen
galvaaniset                             :P:Nom:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisten                            :P:Gen:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisin                             :P:Gen:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisia                             :P:Par:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisissa                           :P:Ine:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisista                           :P:Ela:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisiin                            :P:Ill:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisilla                           :P:Ade:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisilta                           :P:Abl:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisille                           :P:All:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisina                            :P:Ess:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisin                             :P:Ins:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisitta                           :P:Abe:                   galvaaninen
galvaanisine                            :P:Kom:                   galvaaninen
galvanoin                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          galvanoida
galvanoit                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoimme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoitte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoivat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoidaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoida                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanoin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          galvanoida
galvanoit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanoinen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          galvanoida
galvanoinet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoinee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoinemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoinette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoinevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanoisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          galvanoida
galvanoisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoikoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoikaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoikaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoikoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoi                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoida                              :Inf1:                    galvanoida
galvanoidakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  galvanoida
galvanoidessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            galvanoida
galvanoitaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            galvanoida
galvanoiden                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            galvanoida
galvanoimassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            galvanoida
galvanoimasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            galvanoida
galvanoimaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            galvanoida
galvanoimalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            galvanoida
galvanoimatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            galvanoida
galvanoiman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            galvanoida
galvanoitaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            galvanoida
galvanoiminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                galvanoida
galvanoimista                           :Inf4:Par:                galvanoida
galvanoimaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    galvanoida
galvanoiva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             galvanoida
galvanoitava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoima                              :Cip:Age:                 galvanoida
galvanoimaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             galvanoida
galvanoinut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoineet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      galvanoida
galvanoitu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         galvanoida
galvanointi                             :S:Nom:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnin                            :S:Gen:                   galvanointi
galvanointia                            :S:Par:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnissa                          :S:Ine:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnista                          :S:Ela:                   galvanointi
galvanointiin                           :S:Ill:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnilla                          :S:Ade:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnilta                          :S:Abl:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnille                          :S:All:                   galvanointi
galvanointina                           :S:Ess:                   galvanointi
galvanoinniksi                          :S:Tra:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnitta                          :S:Abe:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnit                            :P:Nom:                   galvanointi
galvanointien                           :P:Gen:                   galvanointi
galvanointeja                           :P:Par:                   galvanointi
galvanoinneissa                         :P:Ine:                   galvanointi
galvanoinneista                         :P:Ela:                   galvanointi
galvanointeihin                         :P:Ill:                   galvanointi
galvanoinneilla                         :P:Ade:                   galvanointi
galvanoinneilta                         :P:Abl:                   galvanointi
galvanoinneille                         :P:All:                   galvanointi
galvanointeina                          :P:Ess:                   galvanointi
galvanoinneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   galvanointi
galvanoinnein                           :P:Ins:                   galvanointi
galvanoinneitta                         :P:Abe:                   galvanointi
galvanointeine                          :P:Kom:                   galvanointi
galvanotekniikka                        :S:Nom:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikan                        :S:Gen:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikkaa                       :S:Par:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikassa                      :S:Ine:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikasta                      :S:Ela:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikkaan                      :S:Ill:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikalla                      :S:Ade:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikalta                      :S:Abl:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikalle                      :S:All:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikkana                      :S:Ess:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikaksi                      :S:Tra:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikatta                      :S:Abe:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikat                        :P:Nom:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoiden                     :P:Gen:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoitten                    :P:Gen:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikkojen                     :P:Gen:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikkain                      :P:Gen:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoita                      :P:Par:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikkoja                      :P:Par:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoissa                     :P:Ine:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoista                     :P:Ela:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikkoihin                    :P:Ill:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoihin                     :P:Ill:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoilla                     :P:Ade:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoilta                     :P:Abl:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoille                     :P:All:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoina                      :P:Ess:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoin                       :P:Ins:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoitta                     :P:Abe:                   galvanotekniikka
galvanotekniikoine                      :P:Kom:                   galvanotekniikka
gambiitti                               :S:Nom:                   gambiitti
gambiitin                               :S:Gen:                   gambiitti
gambiittia                              :S:Par:                   gambiitti
gambiitissa                             :S:Ine:                   gambiitti
gambiitista                             :S:Ela:                   gambiitti
gambiittiin                             :S:Ill:                   gambiitti
gambiitilla                             :S:Ade:                   gambiitti
gambiitilta                             :S:Abl:                   gambiitti
gambiitille                             :S:All:                   gambiitti
gambiittina                             :S:Ess:                   gambiitti
gambiitiksi                             :S:Tra:                   gambiitti
gambiititta                             :S:Abe:                   gambiitti
gambiitit                               :P:Nom:                   gambiitti
gambiittien                             :P:Gen:                   gambiitti
gambiitteja                             :P:Par:                   gambiitti
gambiiteissa                            :P:Ine:                   gambiitti
gambiiteista                            :P:Ela:                   gambiitti
gambiitteihin                           :P:Ill:                   gambiitti
gambiiteilla                            :P:Ade:                   gambiitti
gambiiteilta                            :P:Abl:                   gambiitti
gambiiteille                            :P:All:                   gambiitti
gambiitteina                            :P:Ess:                   gambiitti
gambiiteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gambiitti
gambiitein                              :P:Ins:                   gambiitti
gambiiteitta                            :P:Abe:                   gambiitti
gambiitteine                            :P:Kom:                   gambiitti
gameetti                                :S:Nom:                   gameetti
gameetin                                :S:Gen:                   gameetti
gameettia                               :S:Par:                   gameetti
gameetissa                              :S:Ine:                   gameetti
gameetista                              :S:Ela:                   gameetti
gameettiin                              :S:Ill:                   gameetti
gameetilla                              :S:Ade:                   gameetti
gameetilta                              :S:Abl:                   gameetti
gameetille                              :S:All:                   gameetti
gameettina                              :S:Ess:                   gameetti
gameetiksi                              :S:Tra:                   gameetti
gameetitta                              :S:Abe:                   gameetti
gameetit                                :P:Nom:                   gameetti
gameettien                              :P:Gen:                   gameetti
gameetteja                              :P:Par:                   gameetti
gameeteissa                             :P:Ine:                   gameetti
gameeteista                             :P:Ela:                   gameetti
gameetteihin                            :P:Ill:                   gameetti
gameeteilla                             :P:Ade:                   gameetti
gameeteilta                             :P:Abl:                   gameetti
gameeteille                             :P:All:                   gameetti
gameetteina                             :P:Ess:                   gameetti
gameeteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gameetti
gameetein                               :P:Ins:                   gameetti
gameeteitta                             :P:Abe:                   gameetti
gameetteine                             :P:Kom:                   gameetti
gamma                                   :S:Nom:                   gamma
gamman                                  :S:Gen:                   gamma
gammaa                                  :S:Par:                   gamma
gammassa                                :S:Ine:                   gamma
gammasta                                :S:Ela:                   gamma
gammaan                                 :S:Ill:                   gamma
gammalla                                :S:Ade:                   gamma
gammalta                                :S:Abl:                   gamma
gammalle                                :S:All:                   gamma
gammana                                 :S:Ess:                   gamma
gammaksi                                :S:Tra:                   gamma
gammatta                                :S:Abe:                   gamma
gammat                                  :P:Nom:                   gamma
gammojen                                :P:Gen:                   gamma
gammain                                 :P:Gen:                   gamma
gammoja                                 :P:Par:                   gamma
gammoissa                               :P:Ine:                   gamma
gammoista                               :P:Ela:                   gamma
gammoihin                               :P:Ill:                   gamma
gammoilla                               :P:Ade:                   gamma
gammoilta                               :P:Abl:                   gamma
gammoille                               :P:All:                   gamma
gammoina                                :P:Ess:                   gamma
gammoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gamma
gammoin                                 :P:Ins:                   gamma
gammoitta                               :P:Abe:                   gamma
gammoine                                :P:Kom:                   gamma
gammaglobuliini                         :S:Nom:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinin                        :S:Gen:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinia                        :S:Par:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinissa                      :S:Ine:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinista                      :S:Ela:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliiniin                       :S:Ill:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinilla                      :S:Ade:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinilta                      :S:Abl:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinille                      :S:All:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinina                       :S:Ess:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliiniksi                      :S:Tra:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinitta                      :S:Abe:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinit                        :P:Nom:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinien                       :P:Gen:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineja                       :P:Par:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineissa                     :P:Ine:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineista                     :P:Ela:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineihin                     :P:Ill:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineilla                     :P:Ade:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineilta                     :P:Abl:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineille                     :P:All:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineina                      :P:Ess:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineiksi                     :P:Tra:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliinein                       :P:Ins:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineitta                     :P:Abe:                   gammaglobuliini
gammaglobuliineine                      :P:Kom:                   gammaglobuliini
gammasäde                               :S:Nom:                   gammasäde
gammasäteen                             :S:Gen:                   gammasäde
gammasädettä                            :S:Par:                   gammasäde
gammasäteessä                           :S:Ine:                   gammasäde
gammasäteestä                           :S:Ela:                   gammasäde
gammasäteeseen                          :S:Ill:                   gammasäde
gammasäteellä                           :S:Ade:                   gammasäde
gammasäteeltä                           :S:Abl:                   gammasäde
gammasäteelle                           :S:All:                   gammasäde
gammasäteenä                            :S:Ess:                   gammasäde
gammasäteeksi                           :S:Tra:                   gammasäde
gammasäteettä                           :S:Abe:                   gammasäde
gammasäteet                             :P:Nom:                   gammasäde
gammasäteiden                           :P:Gen:                   gammasäde
gammasädeitten                          :P:Gen:                   gammasäde
gammasäteitä                            :P:Par:                   gammasäde
gammasäteissä                           :P:Ine:                   gammasäde
gammasäteistä                           :P:Ela:                   gammasäde
gammasäteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   gammasäde
gammasäteihin                           :P:Ill:                   gammasäde
gammasäteillä                           :P:Ade:                   gammasäde
gammasäteiltä                           :P:Abl:                   gammasäde
gammasäteille                           :P:All:                   gammasäde
gammasäteinä                            :P:Ess:                   gammasäde
gammasäteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gammasäde
gammasätein                             :P:Ins:                   gammasäde
gammasäteittä                           :P:Abe:                   gammasäde
gammasäteine                            :P:Kom:                   gammasäde
gammasäteily                            :S:Nom:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyn                           :S:Gen:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyä                           :S:Par:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyssä                         :S:Ine:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilystä                         :S:Ela:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyyn                          :S:Ill:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyllä                         :S:Ade:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyltä                         :S:Abl:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilylle                         :S:All:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilynä                          :S:Ess:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyksi                         :S:Tra:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyttä                         :S:Abe:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyt                           :P:Nom:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyjen                         :P:Gen:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyiden                        :P:Gen:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyitten                       :P:Gen:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyjä                          :P:Par:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyitä                         :P:Par:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyissä                        :P:Ine:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyistä                        :P:Ela:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyihin                        :P:Ill:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyillä                        :P:Ade:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyiltä                        :P:Abl:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyille                        :P:All:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyinä                         :P:Ess:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyin                          :P:Ins:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyittä                        :P:Abe:                   gammasäteily
gammasäteilyine                         :P:Kom:                   gammasäteily
gammayökkönen                           :S:Nom:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösen                           :S:Gen:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökköstä                           :S:Par:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösessä                         :S:Ine:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösestä                         :S:Ela:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökköseen                          :S:Ill:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösellä                         :S:Ade:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökköseltä                         :S:Abl:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökköselle                         :S:All:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösenä                          :S:Ess:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökköseksi                         :S:Tra:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösettä                         :S:Abe:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökköset                           :P:Nom:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösten                          :P:Gen:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösin                           :P:Gen:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösiä                           :P:Par:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösissä                         :P:Ine:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösistä                         :P:Ela:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösiin                          :P:Ill:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösillä                         :P:Ade:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösiltä                         :P:Abl:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösille                         :P:All:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösinä                          :P:Ess:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösin                           :P:Ins:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösittä                         :P:Abe:                   gammayökkönen
gammayökkösine                          :P:Kom:                   gammayökkönen
ganglio                                 :S:Nom:                   ganglio
ganglion                                :S:Gen:                   ganglio
gangliota                               :S:Par:                   ganglio
gangliossa                              :S:Ine:                   ganglio
gangliosta                              :S:Ela:                   ganglio
ganglioon                               :S:Ill:                   ganglio
gangliolla                              :S:Ade:                   ganglio
gangliolta                              :S:Abl:                   ganglio
gangliolle                              :S:All:                   ganglio
gangliona                               :S:Ess:                   ganglio
ganglioksi                              :S:Tra:                   ganglio
gangliotta                              :S:Abe:                   ganglio
gangliot                                :P:Nom:                   ganglio
ganglioiden                             :P:Gen:                   ganglio
ganglioitten                            :P:Gen:                   ganglio
ganglioita                              :P:Par:                   ganglio
ganglioissa                             :P:Ine:                   ganglio
ganglioista                             :P:Ela:                   ganglio
ganglioihin                             :P:Ill:                   ganglio
ganglioilla                             :P:Ade:                   ganglio
ganglioilta                             :P:Abl:                   ganglio
ganglioille                             :P:All:                   ganglio
ganglioina                              :P:Ess:                   ganglio
ganglioiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ganglio
ganglioin                               :P:Ins:                   ganglio
ganglioitta                             :P:Abe:                   ganglio
ganglioine                              :P:Kom:                   ganglio
gangsteri                               :S:Nom:                   gangsteri
gangsterin                              :S:Gen:                   gangsteri
gangsteria                              :S:Par:                   gangsteri
gangsterissa                            :S:Ine:                   gangsteri
gangsterista                            :S:Ela:                   gangsteri
gangsteriin                             :S:Ill:                   gangsteri
gangsterilla                            :S:Ade:                   gangsteri
gangsterilta                            :S:Abl:                   gangsteri
gangsterille                            :S:All:                   gangsteri
gangsterina                             :S:Ess:                   gangsteri
gangsteriksi                            :S:Tra:                   gangsteri
gangsteritta                            :S:Abe:                   gangsteri
gangsterit                              :P:Nom:                   gangsteri
gangsterien                             :P:Gen:                   gangsteri
gangstereiden                           :P:Gen:                   gangsteri
gangstereitten                          :P:Gen:                   gangsteri
gangstereja                             :P:Par:                   gangsteri
gangstereita                            :P:Par:                   gangsteri
gangstereissa                           :P:Ine:                   gangsteri
gangstereista                           :P:Ela:                   gangsteri
gangstereihin                           :P:Ill:                   gangsteri
gangstereilla                           :P:Ade:                   gangsteri
gangstereilta                           :P:Abl:                   gangsteri
gangstereille                           :P:All:                   gangsteri
gangstereina                            :P:Ess:                   gangsteri
gangstereiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gangsteri
gangsterein                             :P:Ins:                   gangsteri
gangstereitta                           :P:Abe:                   gangsteri
gangstereine                            :P:Kom:                   gangsteri
gangsterielokuva                        :S:Nom:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvan                       :S:Gen:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvaa                       :S:Par:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvassa                     :S:Ine:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvasta                     :S:Ela:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvaan                      :S:Ill:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvalla                     :S:Ade:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvalta                     :S:Abl:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvalle                     :S:All:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvana                      :S:Ess:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvaksi                     :S:Tra:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvatta                     :S:Abe:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvat                       :P:Nom:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvien                      :P:Gen:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvain                      :P:Gen:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvia                       :P:Par:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvissa                     :P:Ine:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvista                     :P:Ela:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuviin                      :P:Ill:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvilla                     :P:Ade:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvilta                     :P:Abl:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuville                     :P:All:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvina                      :P:Ess:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuviksi                     :P:Tra:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvin                       :P:Ins:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvitta                     :P:Abe:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsterielokuvine                      :P:Kom:                   gangsterielokuva
gangsteriliiga                          :S:Nom:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigan                         :S:Gen:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigaa                         :S:Par:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigassa                       :S:Ine:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigasta                       :S:Ela:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigaan                        :S:Ill:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigalla                       :S:Ade:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigalta                       :S:Abl:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigalle                       :S:All:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigana                        :S:Ess:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteri-liigaksi                      :S:Tra:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigatta                       :S:Abe:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigat                         :P:Nom:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigojen                       :P:Gen:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigain                        :P:Gen:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoja                        :P:Par:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoissa                      :P:Ine:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoista                      :P:Ela:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoihin                      :P:Ill:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoilla                      :P:Ade:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoilta                      :P:Abl:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoille                      :P:All:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoina                       :P:Ess:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteri-liigoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoin                        :P:Ins:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoitta                      :P:Abe:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsteriliigoine                       :P:Kom:                   gangsteriliiga
gangsterismi                            :S:Nom:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismin                           :S:Gen:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismia                           :S:Par:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismissa                         :S:Ine:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismista                         :S:Ela:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismiin                          :S:Ill:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismilla                         :S:Ade:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismilta                         :S:Abl:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismille                         :S:All:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismina                          :S:Ess:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismiksi                         :S:Tra:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismitta                         :S:Abe:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismit                           :P:Nom:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismien                          :P:Gen:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeja                          :P:Par:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeissa                        :P:Ine:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeista                        :P:Ela:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeihin                        :P:Ill:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeilla                        :P:Ade:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeilta                        :P:Abl:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeille                        :P:All:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeina                         :P:Ess:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismein                          :P:Ins:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeitta                        :P:Abe:                   gangsterismi
gangsterismeine                         :P:Kom:                   gangsterismi
gardenia                                :S:Nom:                   gardenia
gardenian                               :S:Gen:                   gardenia
gardeniaa                               :S:Par:                   gardenia
gardeniassa                             :S:Ine:                   gardenia
gardeniasta                             :S:Ela:                   gardenia
gardeniaan                              :S:Ill:                   gardenia
gardenialla                             :S:Ade:                   gardenia
gardenialta                             :S:Abl:                   gardenia
gardenialle                             :S:All:                   gardenia
gardeniana                              :S:Ess:                   gardenia
gardeniaksi                             :S:Tra:                   gardenia
gardeniatta                             :S:Abe:                   gardenia
gardeniat                               :P:Nom:                   gardenia
gardenioiden                            :P:Gen:                   gardenia
gardenioitten                           :P:Gen:                   gardenia
gardeniain                              :P:Gen:                   gardenia
gardenioita                             :P:Par:                   gardenia
gardenioissa                            :P:Ine:                   gardenia
gardenioista                            :P:Ela:                   gardenia
gardenioihin                            :P:Ill:                   gardenia
gardenioilla                            :P:Ade:                   gardenia
gardenioilta                            :P:Abl:                   gardenia
gardenioille                            :P:All:                   gardenia
gardenioina                             :P:Ess:                   gardenia
gardenioiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gardenia
gardenioin                              :P:Ins:                   gardenia
gardenioitta                            :P:Abe:                   gardenia
gardenioine                             :P:Kom:                   gardenia
garderobi                               :S:Nom:                   garderobi
garderobin                              :S:Gen:                   garderobi
garderobia                              :S:Par:                   garderobi
garderobissa                            :S:Ine:                   garderobi
garderobista                            :S:Ela:                   garderobi
garderobiin                             :S:Ill:                   garderobi
garderobilla                            :S:Ade:                   garderobi
garderobilta                            :S:Abl:                   garderobi
garderobille                            :S:All:                   garderobi
garderobina                             :S:Ess:                   garderobi
garderobiksi                            :S:Tra:                   garderobi
garderobitta                            :S:Abe:                   garderobi
garderobit                              :P:Nom:                   garderobi
garderobien                             :P:Gen:                   garderobi
garderobeja                             :P:Par:                   garderobi
garderobeissa                           :P:Ine:                   garderobi
garderobeista                           :P:Ela:                   garderobi
garderobeihin                           :P:Ill:                   garderobi
garderobeilla                           :P:Ade:                   garderobi
garderobeilta                           :P:Abl:                   garderobi
garderobeille                           :P:All:                   garderobi
garderobeina                            :P:Ess:                   garderobi
garderobeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   garderobi
garderobein                             :P:Ins:                   garderobi
garderobeitta                           :P:Abe:                   garderobi
garderobeine                            :P:Kom:                   garderobi
gaselli                                 :S:Nom:                   gaselli
gasellin                                :S:Gen:                   gaselli
gasellia                                :S:Par:                   gaselli
gasellissa                              :S:Ine:                   gaselli
gasellista                              :S:Ela:                   gaselli
gaselliin                               :S:Ill:                   gaselli
gasellilla                              :S:Ade:                   gaselli
gasellilta                              :S:Abl:                   gaselli
gasellille                              :S:All:                   gaselli
gasellina                               :S:Ess:                   gaselli
gaselliksi                              :S:Tra:                   gaselli
gasellitta                              :S:Abe:                   gaselli
gasellit                                :P:Nom:                   gaselli
gasellien                               :P:Gen:                   gaselli
gaselleiden                             :P:Gen:                   gaselli
gaselleitten                            :P:Gen:                   gaselli
gaselleja                               :P:Par:                   gaselli
gaselleita                              :P:Par:                   gaselli
gaselleissa                             :P:Ine:                   gaselli
gaselleista                             :P:Ela:                   gaselli
gaselleihin                             :P:Ill:                   gaselli
gaselleilla                             :P:Ade:                   gaselli
gaselleilta                             :P:Abl:                   gaselli
gaselleille                             :P:All:                   gaselli
gaselleina                              :P:Ess:                   gaselli
gaselleiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gaselli
gasellein                               :P:Ins:                   gaselli
gaselleitta                             :P:Abe:                   gaselli
gaselleine                              :P:Kom:                   gaselli
gasti                                   :S:Nom:                   gasti
gastin                                  :S:Gen:                   gasti
gastia                                  :S:Par:                   gasti
gastissa                                :S:Ine:                   gasti
gastista                                :S:Ela:                   gasti
gastiin                                 :S:Ill:                   gasti
gastilla                                :S:Ade:                   gasti
gastilta                                :S:Abl:                   gasti
gastille                                :S:All:                   gasti
gastina                                 :S:Ess:                   gasti
gastiksi                                :S:Tra:                   gasti
gastitta                                :S:Abe:                   gasti
gastit                                  :P:Nom:                   gasti
gastien                                 :P:Gen:                   gasti
gasteja                                 :P:Par:                   gasti
gasteissa                               :P:Ine:                   gasti
gasteista                               :P:Ela:                   gasti
gasteihin                               :P:Ill:                   gasti
gasteilla                               :P:Ade:                   gasti
gasteilta                               :P:Abl:                   gasti
gasteille                               :P:All:                   gasti
gasteina                                :P:Ess:                   gasti
gasteiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gasti
gastein                                 :P:Ins:                   gasti
gasteitta                               :P:Abe:                   gasti
gasteine                                :P:Kom:                   gasti
gastronomi                              :S:Nom:                   gastronomi
gastronomin                             :S:Gen:                   gastronomi
gastronomia                             :S:Par:                   gastronomi
gastronomissa                           :S:Ine:                   gastronomi
gastronomista                           :S:Ela:                   gastronomi
gastronomiin                            :S:Ill:                   gastronomi
gastronomilla                           :S:Ade:                   gastronomi
gastronomilta                           :S:Abl:                   gastronomi
gastronomille                           :S:All:                   gastronomi
gastronomina                            :S:Ess:                   gastronomi
gastronomiksi                           :S:Tra:                   gastronomi
gastronomitta                           :S:Abe:                   gastronomi
gastronomit                             :P:Nom:                   gastronomi
gastronomien                            :P:Gen:                   gastronomi
gastronomeja                            :P:Par:                   gastronomi
gastronomeissa                          :P:Ine:                   gastronomi
gastronomeista                          :P:Ela:                   gastronomi
gastronomeihin                          :P:Ill:                   gastronomi
gastronomeilla                          :P:Ade:                   gastronomi
gastronomeilta                          :P:Abl:                   gastronomi
gastronomeille                          :P:All:                   gastronomi
gastronomeina                           :P:Ess:                   gastronomi
gastronomeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gastronomi
gastronomein                            :P:Ins:                   gastronomi
gastronomeitta                          :P:Abe:                   gastronomi
gastronomeine                           :P:Kom:                   gastronomi
gastronomia                             :S:Nom:                   gastronomia
gastronomian                            :S:Gen:                   gastronomia
gastronomiaa                            :S:Par:                   gastronomia
gastronomiassa                          :S:Ine:                   gastronomia
gastronomiasta                          :S:Ela:                   gastronomia
gastronomiaan                           :S:Ill:                   gastronomia
gastronomialla                          :S:Ade:                   gastronomia
gastronomialta                          :S:Abl:                   gastronomia
gastronomialle                          :S:All:                   gastronomia
gastronomiana                           :S:Ess:                   gastronomia
gastronomiaksi                          :S:Tra:                   gastronomia
gastronomiatta                          :S:Abe:                   gastronomia
gastronomiat                            :P:Nom:                   gastronomia
gastronomioiden                         :P:Gen:                   gastronomia
gastronomioitten                        :P:Gen:                   gastronomia
gastronomiain                           :P:Gen:                   gastronomia
gastronomioita                          :P:Par:                   gastronomia
gastronomioissa                         :P:Ine:                   gastronomia
gastronomioista                         :P:Ela:                   gastronomia
gastronomioihin                         :P:Ill:                   gastronomia
gastronomioilla                         :P:Ade:                   gastronomia
gastronomioilta                         :P:Abl:                   gastronomia
gastronomioille                         :P:All:                   gastronomia
gastronomioina                          :P:Ess:                   gastronomia
gastronomioiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gastronomia
gastronomioin                           :P:Ins:                   gastronomia
gastronomioitta                         :P:Abe:                   gastronomia
gastronomioine                          :P:Kom:                   gastronomia
gastronominen                           :S:Nom:                   gastronominen
gastronomisen                           :S:Gen:                   gastronominen
gastronomista                           :S:Par:                   gastronominen
gastronomisessa                         :S:Ine:                   gastronominen
gastronomisesta                         :S:Ela:                   gastronominen
gastronomiseen                          :S:Ill:                   gastronominen
gastronomisella                         :S:Ade:                   gastronominen
gastronomiselta                         :S:Abl:                   gastronominen
gastronomiselle                         :S:All:                   gastronominen
gastronomisena                          :S:Ess:                   gastronominen
gastronomiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   gastronominen
gastronomisetta                         :S:Abe:                   gastronominen
gastronomiset                           :P:Nom:                   gastronominen
gastronomisten                          :P:Gen:                   gastronominen
gastronomisin                           :P:Gen:                   gastronominen
gastronomisia                           :P:Par:                   gastronominen
gastronomisissa                         :P:Ine:                   gastronominen
gastronomisista                         :P:Ela:                   gastronominen
gastronomisiin                          :P:Ill:                   gastronominen
gastronomisilla                         :P:Ade:                   gastronominen
gastronomisilta                         :P:Abl:                   gastronominen
gastronomisille                         :P:All:                   gastronominen
gastronomisina                          :P:Ess:                   gastronominen
gastronomisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gastronominen
gastronomisin                           :P:Ins:                   gastronominen
gastronomisitta                         :P:Abe:                   gastronominen
gastronomisine                          :P:Kom:                   gastronominen
gastrula                                :S:Nom:                   gastrula
gastrulan                               :S:Gen:                   gastrula
gastrulaa                               :S:Par:                   gastrula
gastrulassa                             :S:Ine:                   gastrula
gastrulasta                             :S:Ela:                   gastrula
gastrulaan                              :S:Ill:                   gastrula
gastrulalla                             :S:Ade:                   gastrula
gastrulalta                             :S:Abl:                   gastrula
gastrulalle                             :S:All:                   gastrula
gastrulana                              :S:Ess:                   gastrula
gastrulaksi                             :S:Tra:                   gastrula
gastrulatta                             :S:Abe:                   gastrula
gastrulat                               :P:Nom:                   gastrula
gastruloiden                            :P:Gen:                   gastrula
gastruloitten                           :P:Gen:                   gastrula
gastrulain                              :P:Gen:                   gastrula
gastruloita                             :P:Par:                   gastrula
gastruloissa                            :P:Ine:                   gastrula
gastruloista                            :P:Ela:                   gastrula
gastruloihin                            :P:Ill:                   gastrula
gastruloilla                            :P:Ade:                   gastrula
gastruloilta                            :P:Abl:                   gastrula
gastruloille                            :P:All:                   gastrula
gastruloina                             :P:Ess:                   gastrula
gastruloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gastrula
gastruloin                              :P:Ins:                   gastrula
gastruloitta                            :P:Abe:                   gastrula
gastruloine                             :P:Kom:                   gastrula
gaucho                                  :S:Nom:                   gaucho
gauchon                                 :S:Gen:                   gaucho
gauchoa                                 :S:Par:                   gaucho
gauchossa                               :S:Ine:                   gaucho
gauchosta                               :S:Ela:                   gaucho
gauchoon                                :S:Ill:                   gaucho
gaucholla                               :S:Ade:                   gaucho
gaucholta                               :S:Abl:                   gaucho
gaucholle                               :S:All:                   gaucho
gauchona                                :S:Ess:                   gaucho
gauchoksi                               :S:Tra:                   gaucho
gauchotta                               :S:Abe:                   gaucho
gauchot                                 :P:Nom:                   gaucho
gauchojen                               :P:Gen:                   gaucho
gauchoja                                :P:Par:                   gaucho
gauchoissa                              :P:Ine:                   gaucho
gauchoista                              :P:Ela:                   gaucho
gauchoihin                              :P:Ill:                   gaucho
gauchoilla                              :P:Ade:                   gaucho
gauchoilta                              :P:Abl:                   gaucho
gauchoille                              :P:All:                   gaucho
gauchoina                               :P:Ess:                   gaucho
gauchoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   gaucho
gauchoin                                :P:Ins:                   gaucho
gauchoitta                              :P:Abe:                   gaucho
gauchoine                               :P:Kom:                   gaucho
gaullelainen                            :S:Nom:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisen                            :S:Gen:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaista                            :S:Par:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisella                          :S:Ade:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaiselle                          :S:All:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisena                           :S:Ess:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaiset                            :P:Nom:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisten                           :P:Gen:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisin                            :P:Gen:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisia                            :P:Par:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisista                          :P:Ela:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisille                          :P:All:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisina                           :P:Ess:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisin                            :P:Ins:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   gaullelainen
gaullelaisine                           :P:Kom:                   gaullelainen
gaullismi                               :S:Nom:                   gaullismi
gaullismin                              :S:Gen:                   gaullismi
gaullismia                              :S:Par:                   gaullismi
gaullismissa                            :S:Ine:                   gaullismi
gaullismista                            :S:Ela:                   gaullismi
gaullismiin                             :S:Ill:                   gaullismi
gaullismilla                            :S:Ade:                   gaullismi
gaullismilta                            :S:Abl:                   gaullismi
gaullismille                            :S:All:                   gaullismi
gaullismina                             :S:Ess:                   gaullismi
gaullismiksi                            :S:Tra:                   gaullismi
gaullismitta                            :S:Abe:                   gaullismi
gaullismit                              :P:Nom:                   gaullismi
gaullismien                             :P:Gen:                   gaullismi
gaullismeja                             :P:Par:                   gaullismi
gaullismeissa                           :P:Ine:                   gaullismi
gaullismeista                           :P:Ela:                   gaullismi
gaullismeihin                           :P:Ill:                   gaullismi
gaullismeilla                           :P:Ade:                   gaullismi
gaullismeilta                           :P:Abl:                   gaullismi
gaullismeille                           :P:All:                   gaullismi
gaullismeina                            :P:Ess:                   gaullismi
gaullismeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gaullismi
gaullismein                             :P:Ins:                   gaullismi
gaullismeitta                           :P:Abe:                   gaullismi
gaullismeine                            :P:Kom:                   gaullismi
gaullisti                               :S:Nom:                   gaullisti
gaullistin                              :S:Gen:                   gaullisti
gaullistia                              :S:Par:                   gaullisti
gaullistissa                            :S:Ine:                   gaullisti
gaullistista                            :S:Ela:                   gaullisti
gaullistiin                             :S:Ill:                   gaullisti
gaullistilla                            :S:Ade:                   gaullisti
gaullistilta                            :S:Abl:                   gaullisti
gaullistille                            :S:All:                   gaullisti
gaullistina                             :S:Ess:                   gaullisti
gaullistiksi                            :S:Tra:                   gaullisti
gaullistitta                            :S:Abe:                   gaullisti
gaullistit                              :P:Nom:                   gaullisti
gaullistien                             :P:Gen:                   gaullisti
gaullisteja                             :P:Par:                   gaullisti
gaullisteissa                           :P:Ine:                   gaullisti
gaullisteista                           :P:Ela:                   gaullisti
gaullisteihin                           :P:Ill:                   gaullisti
gaullisteilla                           :P:Ade:                   gaullisti
gaullisteilta                           :P:Abl:                   gaullisti
gaullisteille                           :P:All:                   gaullisti
gaullisteina                            :P:Ess:                   gaullisti
gaullisteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gaullisti
gaullistein                             :P:Ins:                   gaullisti
gaullisteitta                           :P:Abe:                   gaullisti
gaullisteine                            :P:Kom:                   gaullisti
gaullistinen                            :S:Nom:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisen                            :S:Gen:                   gaullistinen
gaullistista                            :S:Par:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisessa                          :S:Ine:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisesta                          :S:Ela:                   gaullistinen
gaullistiseen                           :S:Ill:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisella                          :S:Ade:                   gaullistinen
gaullistiselta                          :S:Abl:                   gaullistinen
gaullistiselle                          :S:All:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisena                           :S:Ess:                   gaullistinen
gaullistiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisetta                          :S:Abe:                   gaullistinen
gaullistiset                            :P:Nom:                   gaullistinen
gaullististen                           :P:Gen:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisin                            :P:Gen:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisia                            :P:Par:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisissa                          :P:Ine:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisista                          :P:Ela:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisiin                           :P:Ill:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisilla                          :P:Ade:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisilta                          :P:Abl:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisille                          :P:All:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisina                           :P:Ess:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisin                            :P:Ins:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisitta                          :P:Abe:                   gaullistinen
gaullistisine                           :P:Kom:                   gaullistinen
gay                                     :S:Nom:                   gay
gayn                                    :S:Gen:                   gay
gayta                                   :S:Par:                   gay
gayssa                                  :S:Ine:                   gay
gaysta                                  :S:Ela:                   gay
gayhen                                  :S:Ill:                   gay
gaylla                                  :S:Ade:                   gay
gaylta                                  :S:Abl:                   gay
gaylle                                  :S:All:                   gay
gayna                                   :S:Ess:                   gay
gayksi                                  :S:Tra:                   gay
gaytta                                  :S:Abe:                   gay
gayt                                    :P:Nom:                   gay
gayiden                                 :P:Gen:                   gay
gayita                                  :P:Par:                   gay
gayissa                                 :P:Ine:                   gay
gayista                                 :P:Ela:                   gay
gayihin                                 :P:Ill:                   gay
gayilla                                 :P:Ade:                   gay
gayilta                                 :P:Abl:                   gay
gayille                                 :P:All:                   gay
gayina                                  :P:Ess:                   gay
gayiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   gay
gayin                                   :P:Ins:                   gay
gayitta                                 :P:Abe:                   gay
gayine                                  :P:Kom:                   gay
geeli                                   :S:Nom:                   geeli
geelin                                  :S:Gen:                   geeli
geeliä                                  :S:Par:                   geeli
geelissä                                :S:Ine:                   geeli
geelistä                                :S:Ela:                   geeli
geeliin                                 :S:Ill:                   geeli
geelillä                                :S:Ade:                   geeli
geeliltä                                :S:Abl:                   geeli
geelille                                :S:All:                   geeli
geelinä                                 :S:Ess:                   geeli
geeliksi                                :S:Tra:                   geeli
geelittä                                :S:Abe:                   geeli
geelit                                  :P:Nom:                   geeli
geelien                                 :P:Gen:                   geeli
geelejä                                 :P:Par:                   geeli
geeleissä                               :P:Ine:                   geeli
geeleistä                               :P:Ela:                   geeli
geeleihin                               :P:Ill:                   geeli
geeleillä                               :P:Ade:                   geeli
geeleiltä                               :P:Abl:                   geeli
geeleille                               :P:All:                   geeli
geeleinä                                :P:Ess:                   geeli
geeleiksi                               :P:Tra:                   geeli
geelein                                 :P:Ins:                   geeli
geeleittä                               :P:Abe:                   geeli
geeleine                                :P:Kom:                   geeli
geeni                                   :S:Nom:                   geeni
geenin                                  :S:Gen:                   geeni
geeniä                                  :S:Par:                   geeni
geenissä                                :S:Ine:                   geeni
geenistä                                :S:Ela:                   geeni
geeniin                                 :S:Ill:                   geeni
geenillä                                :S:Ade:                   geeni
geeniltä                                :S:Abl:                   geeni
geenille                                :S:All:                   geeni
geeninä                                 :S:Ess:                   geeni
geeniksi                                :S:Tra:                   geeni
geenittä                                :S:Abe:                   geeni
geenit                                  :P:Nom:                   geeni
geenien                                 :P:Gen:                   geeni
geenejä                                 :P:Par:                   geeni
geeneissä                               :P:Ine:                   geeni
geeneistä                               :P:Ela:                   geeni
geeneihin                               :P:Ill:                   geeni
geeneillä                               :P:Ade:                   geeni
geeneiltä                               :P:Abl:                   geeni
geeneille                               :P:All:                   geeni
geeneinä                                :P:Ess:                   geeni
geeneiksi                               :P:Tra:                   geeni
geenein                                 :P:Ins:                   geeni
geeneittä                               :P:Abe:                   geeni
geeneine                                :P:Kom:                   geeni
geenikartta                             :S:Nom:                   geenikartta
geenikartan                             :S:Gen:                   geenikartta
geenikarttaa                            :S:Par:                   geenikartta
geenikartassa                           :S:Ine:                   geenikartta
geenikartasta                           :S:Ela:                   geenikartta
geenikarttaan                           :S:Ill:                   geenikartta
geenikartalla                           :S:Ade:                   geenikartta
geenikartalta                           :S:Abl:                   geenikartta
geenikartalle                           :S:All:                   geenikartta
geenikarttana                           :S:Ess:                   geenikartta
geeni-kartaksi                          :S:Tra:                   geenikartta
geenikartatta                           :S:Abe:                   geenikartta
geenikartat                             :P:Nom:                   geenikartta
geenikarttojen                          :P:Gen:                   geenikartta
geenikarttain                           :P:Gen:                   geenikartta
geenikarttoja                           :P:Par:                   geenikartta
geenikartoissa                          :P:Ine:                   geenikartta
geenikartoista                          :P:Ela:                   geenikartta
geenikarttoihin                         :P:Ill:                   geenikartta
geenikartoilla                          :P:Ade:                   geenikartta
geenikartoilta                          :P:Abl:                   geenikartta
geenikartoille                          :P:All:                   geenikartta
geenikarttoina                          :P:Ess:                   geenikartta
geeni-kartoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   geenikartta
geenikartoin                            :P:Ins:                   geenikartta
geenikartoitta                          :P:Abe:                   geenikartta
geenikarttoine                          :P:Kom:                   geenikartta
geenimuokattu                           :S:Nom:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatun                           :S:Gen:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokattua                          :S:Par:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatussa                         :S:Ine:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatusta                         :S:Ela:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokattuun                         :S:Ill:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatulla                         :S:Ade:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatulta                         :S:Abl:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatulle                         :S:All:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokattuna                         :S:Ess:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuksi                         :S:Tra:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatutta                         :S:Abe:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatut                           :P:Nom:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokattujen                        :P:Gen:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokattuja                         :P:Par:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuissa                        :P:Ine:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuista                        :P:Ela:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokattuihin                       :P:Ill:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuilla                        :P:Ade:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuilta                        :P:Abl:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuille                        :P:All:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokattuina                        :P:Ess:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuiksi                        :P:Tra:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuin                          :P:Ins:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokatuitta                        :P:Abe:                   geenimuokattu
geenimuokattuine                        :P:Kom:                   geenimuokattu
geenimutaatio                           :S:Nom:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaation                          :S:Gen:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatiota                         :S:Par:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatiossa                        :S:Ine:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatiosta                        :S:Ela:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioon                         :S:Ill:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatiolla                        :S:Ade:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatiolta                        :S:Abl:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatiolle                        :S:All:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaationa                         :S:Ess:                   geenimutaatio
geeni-mutaatioksi                       :S:Tra:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatiotta                        :S:Abe:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatiot                          :P:Nom:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioiden                       :P:Gen:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioitten                      :P:Gen:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioita                        :P:Par:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioissa                       :P:Ine:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioista                       :P:Ela:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioihin                       :P:Ill:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioilla                       :P:Ade:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioilta                       :P:Abl:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioille                       :P:All:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioina                        :P:Ess:                   geenimutaatio
geeni-mutaatioiksi                      :P:Tra:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioin                         :P:Ins:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioitta                       :P:Abe:                   geenimutaatio
geenimutaatioine                        :P:Kom:                   geenimutaatio
geeni-pankki                            :S:Nom:                   geenipankki
geenipankin                             :S:Gen:                   geenipankki
geenipankkia                            :S:Par:                   geenipankki
geenipankissa                           :S:Ine:                   geenipankki
geenipankista                           :S:Ela:                   geenipankki
geenipankkiin                           :S:Ill:                   geenipankki
geenipankilla                           :S:Ade:                   geenipankki
geenipankilta                           :S:Abl:                   geenipankki
geenipankille                           :S:All:                   geenipankki
geenipankkina                           :S:Ess:                   geenipankki
geeni-pankiksi                          :S:Tra:                   geenipankki
geenipankitta                           :S:Abe:                   geenipankki
geenipankit                             :P:Nom:                   geenipankki
geenipankkien                           :P:Gen:                   geenipankki
geenipankkeja                           :P:Par:                   geenipankki
geenipankeissa                          :P:Ine:                   geenipankki
geenipankeista                          :P:Ela:                   geenipankki
geenipankkeihin                         :P:Ill:                   geenipankki
geenipankeilla                          :P:Ade:                   geenipankki
geenipankeilta                          :P:Abl:                   geenipankki
geenipankeille                          :P:All:                   geenipankki
geenipankkeina                          :P:Ess:                   geenipankki
geeni-pankeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   geenipankki
geenipankein                            :P:Ins:                   geenipankki
geenipankeitta                          :P:Abe:                   geenipankki
geenipankkeine                          :P:Kom:                   geenipankki
geeniperintö                            :S:Nom:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnön                           :S:Gen:                   geeniperintö
geeniperintöä                           :S:Par:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnössä                         :S:Ine:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöstä                         :S:Ela:                   geeniperintö
geeniperintöön                          :S:Ill:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöllä                         :S:Ade:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöltä                         :S:Abl:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnölle                         :S:All:                   geeniperintö
geeniperintönä                          :S:Ess:                   geeniperintö
geeni-perinnöksi                        :S:Tra:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöttä                         :S:Abe:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöt                           :P:Nom:                   geeniperintö
geeniperintöjen                         :P:Gen:                   geeniperintö
geeniperintöjä                          :P:Par:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöissä                        :P:Ine:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöistä                        :P:Ela:                   geeniperintö
geeniperintöihin                        :P:Ill:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöillä                        :P:Ade:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöiltä                        :P:Abl:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöille                        :P:All:                   geeniperintö
geeniperintöinä                         :P:Ess:                   geeniperintö
geeni-perinnöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöin                          :P:Ins:                   geeniperintö
geeniperinnöittä                        :P:Abe:                   geeniperintö
geeniperintöine                         :P:Kom:                   geeniperintö
geeniruoka                              :S:Nom:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoan                              :S:Gen:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokaa                             :S:Par:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoassa                            :S:Ine:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoasta                            :S:Ela:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokaan                            :S:Ill:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoalla                            :S:Ade:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoalta                            :S:Abl:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoalle                            :S:All:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokana                            :S:Ess:                   geeniruoka
geeni-ruoaksi                           :S:Tra:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoatta                            :S:Abe:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoat                              :P:Nom:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokien                            :P:Gen:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokain                            :P:Gen:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokia                             :P:Par:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoissa                            :P:Ine:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoista                            :P:Ela:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokiin                            :P:Ill:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoilla                            :P:Ade:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoilta                            :P:Abl:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoille                            :P:All:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokina                            :P:Ess:                   geeniruoka
geeni-ruoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoin                              :P:Ins:                   geeniruoka
geeniruoitta                            :P:Abe:                   geeniruoka
geeniruokine                            :P:Kom:                   geeniruoka
geenistö                                :S:Nom:                   geenistö
geenistön                               :S:Gen:                   geenistö
geenistöä                               :S:Par:                   geenistö
geenistössä                             :S:Ine:                   geenistö
geenistöstä                             :S:Ela:                   geenistö
geenistöön                              :S:Ill:                   geenistö
geenistöllä                             :S:Ade:                   geenistö
geenistöltä                             :S:Abl:                   geenistö
geenistölle                             :S:All:                   geenistö
geenistönä                              :S:Ess:                   geenistö
geenistöksi                             :S:Tra:                   geenistö
geenistöttä                             :S:Abe:                   geenistö
geenistöt                               :P:Nom:                   geenistö
geenistöjen                             :P:Gen:                   geenistö
geenistöiden                            :P:Gen:                   geenistö
geenistöitten                           :P:Gen:                   geenistö
geenistöjä                              :P:Par:                   geenistö
geenistöitä                             :P:Par:                   geenistö
geenistöissä                            :P:Ine:                   geenistö
geenistöistä                            :P:Ela:                   geenistö
geenistöihin                            :P:Ill:                   geenistö
geenistöillä                            :P:Ade:                   geenistö
geenistöiltä                            :P:Abl:                   geenistö
geenistöille                            :P:All:                   geenistö
geenistöinä                             :P:Ess:                   geenistö
geenistöiksi                            :P:Tra:                   geenistö
geenistöin                              :P:Ins:                   geenistö
geenistöittä                            :P:Abe:                   geenistö
geenistöine                             :P:Kom:                   geenistö
geenitekniikka                          :S:Nom:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikan                          :S:Gen:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikkaa                         :S:Par:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikassa                        :S:Ine:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikasta                        :S:Ela:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikkaan                        :S:Ill:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikalla                        :S:Ade:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikalta                        :S:Abl:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikalle                        :S:All:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikkana                        :S:Ess:                   geenitekniikka
geeni-tekniikaksi                       :S:Tra:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikatta                        :S:Abe:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikat                          :P:Nom:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoiden                       :P:Gen:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoitten                      :P:Gen:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikkojen                       :P:Gen:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikkain                        :P:Gen:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoita                        :P:Par:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikkoja                        :P:Par:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoissa                       :P:Ine:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoista                       :P:Ela:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikkoihin                      :P:Ill:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoihin                       :P:Ill:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoilla                       :P:Ade:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoilta                       :P:Abl:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoille                       :P:All:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoina                        :P:Ess:                   geenitekniikka
geeni-tekniikoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoin                         :P:Ins:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoitta                       :P:Abe:                   geenitekniikka
geenitekniikoine                        :P:Kom:                   geenitekniikka
geenivirhe                              :S:Nom:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheen                            :S:Gen:                   geenivirhe
geenivirhettä                           :S:Par:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheessä                          :S:Ine:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheestä                          :S:Ela:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheeseen                         :S:Ill:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheellä                          :S:Ade:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheeltä                          :S:Abl:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheelle                          :S:All:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheenä                           :S:Ess:                   geenivirhe
geeni-virheeksi                         :S:Tra:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheettä                          :S:Abe:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheet                            :P:Nom:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheiden                          :P:Gen:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheitten                         :P:Gen:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheitä                           :P:Par:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheissä                          :P:Ine:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheistä                          :P:Ela:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheisiin                         :P:Ill:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheihin                          :P:Ill:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheillä                          :P:Ade:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheiltä                          :P:Abl:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheille                          :P:All:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheinä                           :P:Ess:                   geenivirhe
geeni-virheiksi                         :P:Tra:                   geenivirhe
geenivirhein                            :P:Ins:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheittä                          :P:Abe:                   geenivirhe
geenivirheine                           :P:Kom:                   geenivirhe
geigermittari                           :S:Nom:                   geigermittari
geigermittarin                          :S:Gen:                   geigermittari
geigermittaria                          :S:Par:                   geigermittari
geigermittarissa                        :S:Ine:                   geigermittari
geigermittarista                        :S:Ela:                   geigermittari
geigermittariin                         :S:Ill:                   geigermittari
geigermittarilla                        :S:Ade:                   geigermittari
geigermittarilta                        :S:Abl:                   geigermittari
geigermittarille                        :S:All:                   geigermittari
geigermittarina                         :S:Ess:                   geigermittari
geigermittariksi                        :S:Tra:                   geigermittari
geigermittaritta                        :S:Abe:                   geigermittari
geigermittarit                          :P:Nom:                   geigermittari
geigermittarien                         :P:Gen:                   geigermittari
geigermittareiden                       :P:Gen:                   geigermittari
geigermittareitten                      :P:Gen:                   geigermittari
geigermittareja                         :P:Par:                   geigermittari
geigermittareita                        :P:Par:                   geigermittari
geigermittareissa                       :P:Ine:                   geigermittari
geigermittareista                       :P:Ela:                   geigermittari
geigermittareihin                       :P:Ill:                   geigermittari
geigermittareilla                       :P:Ade:                   geigermittari
geigermittareilta                       :P:Abl:                   geigermittari
geigermittareille                       :P:All:                   geigermittari
geigermittareina                        :P:Ess:                   geigermittari
geigermittareiksi                       :P:Tra:                   geigermittari
geigermittarein                         :P:Ins:                   geigermittari
geigermittareitta                       :P:Abe:                   geigermittari
geigermittareine                        :P:Kom:                   geigermittari
geimi                                   :S:Nom:                   geimit
geimin                                  :S:Gen:                   geimit
geimiä                                  :S:Par:                   geimit
geimissä                                :S:Ine:                   geimit
geimistä                                :S:Ela:                   geimit
geimiin                                 :S:Ill:                   geimit
geimillä                                :S:Ade:                   geimit
geimiltä                                :S:Abl:                   geimit
geimille                                :S:All:                   geimit
geiminä                                 :S:Ess:                   geimit
geimiksi                                :S:Tra:                   geimit
geimittä                                :S:Abe:                   geimit
geimit                                  :P:Nom:                   geimit
geimien                                 :P:Gen:                   geimit
geimejä                                 :P:Par:                   geimit
geimeissä                               :P:Ine:                   geimit
geimeistä                               :P:Ela:                   geimit
geimeihin                               :P:Ill:                   geimit
geimeillä                               :P:Ade:                   geimit
geimeiltä                               :P:Abl:                   geimit
geimeille                               :P:All:                   geimit
geimeinä                                :P:Ess:                   geimit
geimeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   geimit
geimein                                 :P:Ins:                   geimit
geimeittä                               :P:Abe:                   geimit
geimeine                                :P:Kom:                   geimit
geiša                                   :S:Nom:                   geiša
geišan                                  :S:Gen:                   geiša
geišaa                                  :S:Par:                   geiša
geišassa                                :S:Ine:                   geiša
geišasta                                :S:Ela:                   geiša
geišaan                                 :S:Ill:                   geiša
geišalla                                :S:Ade:                   geiša
geišalta                                :S:Abl:                   geiša
geišalle                                :S:All:                   geiša
geišana                                 :S:Ess:                   geiša
geišaksi                                :S:Tra:                   geiša
geišatta                                :S:Abe:                   geiša
geišat                                  :P:Nom:                   geiša
geišojen                                :P:Gen:                   geiša
geišain                                 :P:Gen:                   geiša
geišoja                                 :P:Par:                   geiša
geišoissa                               :P:Ine:                   geiša
geišoista                               :P:Ela:                   geiša
geišoihin                               :P:Ill:                   geiša
geišoilla                               :P:Ade:                   geiša
geišoilta                               :P:Abl:                   geiša
geišoille                               :P:All:                   geiša
geišoina                                :P:Ess:                   geiša
geišoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   geiša
geišoin                                 :P:Ins:                   geiša
geišoitta                               :P:Abe:                   geiša
geišoine                                :P:Kom:                   geiša
geisii                                  :S:Nom:                   geisir
geisiin                                 :S:Gen:                   geisir
geisiiä                                 :S:Par:                   geisir
geisiissä                               :S:Ine:                   geisir
geisiistä                               :S:Ela:                   geisir
geisiiin                                :S:Ill:                   geisir
geisiillä                               :S:Ade:                   geisir
geisiiltä                               :S:Abl:                   geisir
geisiille                               :S:All:                   geisir
geisiinä                                :S:Ess:                   geisir
geisiiksi                               :S:Tra:                   geisir
geisiittä                               :S:Abe:                   geisir
geisiit                                 :P:Nom:                   geisir
geisiien                                :P:Gen:                   geisir
geisiejä                                :P:Par:                   geisir
geisieissä                              :P:Ine:                   geisir
geisieistä                              :P:Ela:                   geisir
geisieihin                              :P:Ill:                   geisir
geisieillä                              :P:Ade:                   geisir
geisieiltä                              :P:Abl:                   geisir
geisieille                              :P:All:                   geisir
geisieinä                               :P:Ess:                   geisir
geisieiksi                              :P:Tra:                   geisir
geisiein                                :P:Ins:                   geisir
geisieittä                              :P:Abe:                   geisir
geisieine                               :P:Kom:                   geisir
gelatiini                               :S:Nom:                   gelatiini
gelatiinin                              :S:Gen:                   gelatiini
gelatiinia                              :S:Par:                   gelatiini
gelatiinissa                            :S:Ine:                   gelatiini
gelatiinista                            :S:Ela:                   gelatiini
gelatiiniin                             :S:Ill:                   gelatiini
gelatiinilla                            :S:Ade:                   gelatiini
gelatiinilta                            :S:Abl:                   gelatiini
gelatiinille                            :S:All:                   gelatiini
gelatiinina                             :S:Ess:                   gelatiini
gelatiiniksi                            :S:Tra:                   gelatiini
gelatiinitta                            :S:Abe:                   gelatiini
gelatiinit                              :P:Nom:                   gelatiini
gelatiinien                             :P:Gen:                   gelatiini
gelatiineja                             :P:Par:                   gelatiini
gelatiineissa                           :P:Ine:                   gelatiini
gelatiineista                           :P:Ela:                   gelatiini
gelatiineihin                           :P:Ill:                   gelatiini
gelatiineilla                           :P:Ade:                   gelatiini
gelatiineilta                           :P:Abl:                   gelatiini
gelatiineille                           :P:All:                   gelatiini
gelatiineina                            :P:Ess:                   gelatiini
gelatiineiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gelatiini
gelatiinein                             :P:Ins:                   gelatiini
gelatiineitta                           :P:Abe:                   gelatiini
gelatiineine                            :P:Kom:                   gelatiini
geminaatta                              :S:Nom:                   geminaatta
geminaatan                              :S:Gen:                   geminaatta
geminaattaa                             :S:Par:                   geminaatta
geminaatassa                            :S:Ine:                   geminaatta
geminaatasta                            :S:Ela:                   geminaatta
geminaattaan                            :S:Ill:                   geminaatta
geminaatalla                            :S:Ade:                   geminaatta
geminaatalta                            :S:Abl:                   geminaatta
geminaatalle                            :S:All:                   geminaatta
geminaattana                            :S:Ess:                   geminaatta
geminaataksi                            :S:Tra:                   geminaatta
geminaatatta                            :S:Abe:                   geminaatta
geminaatat                              :P:Nom:                   geminaatta
geminaattojen                           :P:Gen:                   geminaatta
geminaattain                            :P:Gen:                   geminaatta
geminaattoja                            :P:Par:                   geminaatta
geminaatoissa                           :P:Ine:                   geminaatta
geminaatoista                           :P:Ela:                   geminaatta
geminaattoihin                          :P:Ill:                   geminaatta
geminaatoilla                           :P:Ade:                   geminaatta
geminaatoilta                           :P:Abl:                   geminaatta
geminaatoille                           :P:All:                   geminaatta
geminaattoina                           :P:Ess:                   geminaatta
geminaatoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geminaatta
geminaatoin                             :P:Ins:                   geminaatta
geminaatoitta                           :P:Abe:                   geminaatta
geminaattoine                           :P:Kom:                   geminaatta
gemmologi                               :S:Nom:                   gemmologi
gemmologin                              :S:Gen:                   gemmologi
gemmologia                              :S:Par:                   gemmologi
gemmologissa                            :S:Ine:                   gemmologi
gemmologista                            :S:Ela:                   gemmologi
gemmologiin                             :S:Ill:                   gemmologi
gemmologilla                            :S:Ade:                   gemmologi
gemmologilta                            :S:Abl:                   gemmologi
gemmologille                            :S:All:                   gemmologi
gemmologina                             :S:Ess:                   gemmologi
gemmologiksi                            :S:Tra:                   gemmologi
gemmologitta                            :S:Abe:                   gemmologi
gemmologit                              :P:Nom:                   gemmologi
gemmologien                             :P:Gen:                   gemmologi
gemmologeja                             :P:Par:                   gemmologi
gemmologeissa                           :P:Ine:                   gemmologi
gemmologeista                           :P:Ela:                   gemmologi
gemmologeihin                           :P:Ill:                   gemmologi
gemmologeilla                           :P:Ade:                   gemmologi
gemmologeilta                           :P:Abl:                   gemmologi
gemmologeille                           :P:All:                   gemmologi
gemmologeina                            :P:Ess:                   gemmologi
gemmologeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gemmologi
gemmologein                             :P:Ins:                   gemmologi
gemmologeitta                           :P:Abe:                   gemmologi
gemmologeine                            :P:Kom:                   gemmologi
gemmologia                              :S:Nom:                   gemmologia
gemmologian                             :S:Gen:                   gemmologia
gemmologiaa                             :S:Par:                   gemmologia
gemmologiassa                           :S:Ine:                   gemmologia
gemmologiasta                           :S:Ela:                   gemmologia
gemmologiaan                            :S:Ill:                   gemmologia
gemmologialla                           :S:Ade:                   gemmologia
gemmologialta                           :S:Abl:                   gemmologia
gemmologialle                           :S:All:                   gemmologia
gemmologiana                            :S:Ess:                   gemmologia
gemmologiaksi                           :S:Tra:                   gemmologia
gemmologiatta                           :S:Abe:                   gemmologia
gemmologiat                             :P:Nom:                   gemmologia
gemmologioiden                          :P:Gen:                   gemmologia
gemmologioitten                         :P:Gen:                   gemmologia
gemmologiain                            :P:Gen:                   gemmologia
gemmologioita                           :P:Par:                   gemmologia
gemmologioissa                          :P:Ine:                   gemmologia
gemmologioista                          :P:Ela:                   gemmologia
gemmologioihin                          :P:Ill:                   gemmologia
gemmologioilla                          :P:Ade:                   gemmologia
gemmologioilta                          :P:Abl:                   gemmologia
gemmologioille                          :P:All:                   gemmologia
gemmologioina                           :P:Ess:                   gemmologia
gemmologioiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gemmologia
gemmologioin                            :P:Ins:                   gemmologia
gemmologioitta                          :P:Abe:                   gemmologia
gemmologioine                           :P:Kom:                   gemmologia
gemmologinen                            :S:Nom:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisen                            :S:Gen:                   gemmologinen
gemmologista                            :S:Par:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisessa                          :S:Ine:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisesta                          :S:Ela:                   gemmologinen
gemmologiseen                           :S:Ill:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisella                          :S:Ade:                   gemmologinen
gemmologiselta                          :S:Abl:                   gemmologinen
gemmologiselle                          :S:All:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisena                           :S:Ess:                   gemmologinen
gemmologiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisetta                          :S:Abe:                   gemmologinen
gemmologiset                            :P:Nom:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisten                           :P:Gen:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisin                            :P:Gen:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisia                            :P:Par:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisissa                          :P:Ine:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisista                          :P:Ela:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisiin                           :P:Ill:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisilla                          :P:Ade:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisilta                          :P:Abl:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisille                          :P:All:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisina                           :P:Ess:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisin                            :P:Ins:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisitta                          :P:Abe:                   gemmologinen
gemmologisine                           :P:Kom:                   gemmologinen
genealogia                              :S:Nom:                   genealogia
genealogian                             :S:Gen:                   genealogia
genealogiaa                             :S:Par:                   genealogia
genealogiassa                           :S:Ine:                   genealogia
genealogiasta                           :S:Ela:                   genealogia
genealogiaan                            :S:Ill:                   genealogia
genealogialla                           :S:Ade:                   genealogia
genealogialta                           :S:Abl:                   genealogia
genealogialle                           :S:All:                   genealogia
genealogiana                            :S:Ess:                   genealogia
genealogiaksi                           :S:Tra:                   genealogia
genealogiatta                           :S:Abe:                   genealogia
genealogiat                             :P:Nom:                   genealogia
genealogioiden                          :P:Gen:                   genealogia
genealogioitten                         :P:Gen:                   genealogia
genealogiain                            :P:Gen:                   genealogia
genealogioita                           :P:Par:                   genealogia
genealogioissa                          :P:Ine:                   genealogia
genealogioista                          :P:Ela:                   genealogia
genealogioihin                          :P:Ill:                   genealogia
genealogioilla                          :P:Ade:                   genealogia
genealogioilta                          :P:Abl:                   genealogia
genealogioille                          :P:All:                   genealogia
genealogioina                           :P:Ess:                   genealogia
genealogioiksi                          :P:Tra:                   genealogia
genealogioin                            :P:Ins:                   genealogia
genealogioitta                          :P:Abe:                   genealogia
genealogioine                           :P:Kom:                   genealogia
geneetikko                              :S:Nom:                   geneetikko
geneetikon                              :S:Gen:                   geneetikko
geneetikkoa                             :S:Par:                   geneetikko
geneetikossa                            :S:Ine:                   geneetikko
geneetikosta                            :S:Ela:                   geneetikko
geneetikkoon                            :S:Ill:                   geneetikko
geneetikolla                            :S:Ade:                   geneetikko
geneetikolta                            :S:Abl:                   geneetikko
geneetikolle                            :S:All:                   geneetikko
geneetikkona                            :S:Ess:                   geneetikko
geneetikoksi                            :S:Tra:                   geneetikko
geneetikotta                            :S:Abe:                   geneetikko
geneetikot                              :P:Nom:                   geneetikko
geneetikkojen                           :P:Gen:                   geneetikko
geneetikoiden                           :P:Gen:                   geneetikko
geneetikoitten                          :P:Gen:                   geneetikko
geneetikkoja                            :P:Par:                   geneetikko
geneetikoita                            :P:Par:                   geneetikko
geneetikoissa                           :P:Ine:                   geneetikko
geneetikoista                           :P:Ela:                   geneetikko
geneetikkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   geneetikko
geneetikoihin                           :P:Ill:                   geneetikko
geneetikoilla                           :P:Ade:                   geneetikko
geneetikoilta                           :P:Abl:                   geneetikko
geneetikoille                           :P:All:                   geneetikko
geneetikkoina                           :P:Ess:                   geneetikko
geneetikoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geneetikko
geneetikoin                             :P:Ins:                   geneetikko
geneetikoitta                           :P:Abe:                   geneetikko
geneetikoine                            :P:Kom:                   geneetikko
geneettinen                             :S:Nom:                   geneettinen
geneettisen                             :S:Gen:                   geneettinen
geneettistä                             :S:Par:                   geneettinen
geneettisessä                           :S:Ine:                   geneettinen
geneettisestä                           :S:Ela:                   geneettinen
geneettiseen                            :S:Ill:                   geneettinen
geneettisellä                           :S:Ade:                   geneettinen
geneettiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   geneettinen
geneettiselle                           :S:All:                   geneettinen
geneettisenä                            :S:Ess:                   geneettinen
geneettiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   geneettinen
geneettisettä                           :S:Abe:                   geneettinen
geneettiset                             :P:Nom:                   geneettinen
geneettisten                            :P:Gen:                   geneettinen
geneettisin                             :P:Gen:                   geneettinen
geneettisiä                             :P:Par:                   geneettinen
geneettisissä                           :P:Ine:                   geneettinen
geneettisistä                           :P:Ela:                   geneettinen
geneettisiin                            :P:Ill:                   geneettinen
geneettisillä                           :P:Ade:                   geneettinen
geneettisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   geneettinen
geneettisille                           :P:All:                   geneettinen
geneettisinä                            :P:Ess:                   geneettinen
geneettisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geneettinen
geneettisin                             :P:Ins:                   geneettinen
geneettisittä                           :P:Abe:                   geneettinen
geneettisine                            :P:Kom:                   geneettinen
generaattori                            :S:Nom:                   generaattori
generaattorin                           :S:Gen:                   generaattori
generaattoria                           :S:Par:                   generaattori
generaattorissa                         :S:Ine:                   generaattori
generaattorista                         :S:Ela:                   generaattori
generaattoriin                          :S:Ill:                   generaattori
generaattorilla                         :S:Ade:                   generaattori
generaattorilta                         :S:Abl:                   generaattori
generaattorille                         :S:All:                   generaattori
generaattorina                          :S:Ess:                   generaattori
generaattoriksi                         :S:Tra:                   generaattori
generaattoritta                         :S:Abe:                   generaattori
generaattorit                           :P:Nom:                   generaattori
generaattorien                          :P:Gen:                   generaattori
generaattoreiden                        :P:Gen:                   generaattori
generaattoreitten                       :P:Gen:                   generaattori
generaattoreja                          :P:Par:                   generaattori
generaattoreita                         :P:Par:                   generaattori
generaattoreissa                        :P:Ine:                   generaattori
generaattoreista                        :P:Ela:                   generaattori
generaattoreihin                        :P:Ill:                   generaattori
generaattoreilla                        :P:Ade:                   generaattori
generaattoreilta                        :P:Abl:                   generaattori
generaattoreille                        :P:All:                   generaattori
generaattoreina                         :P:Ess:                   generaattori
generaattoreiksi                        :P:Tra:                   generaattori
generaattorein                          :P:Ins:                   generaattori
generaattoreitta                        :P:Abe:                   generaattori
generaattoreine                         :P:Kom:                   generaattori
generalissimus                          :S:Nom:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksen                       :S:Gen:                   generalissimus
generalissimusta                        :S:Par:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   generalissimus
generalissimukseen                      :S:Ill:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksella                     :S:Ade:                   generalissimus
generalissimukselta                     :S:Abl:                   generalissimus
generalissimukselle                     :S:All:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksena                      :S:Ess:                   generalissimus
generalissimukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   generalissimus
generalissimukset                       :P:Nom:                   generalissimus
generalissimusten                       :P:Gen:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksien                      :P:Gen:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksia                       :P:Par:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksista                     :P:Ela:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksille                     :P:All:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksina                      :P:Ess:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksin                       :P:Ins:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   generalissimus
generalissimuksine                      :P:Kom:                   generalissimus
generoin                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          generoida
generoit                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoimme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoitte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoivat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoidaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             generoida
generoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      generoida
generoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoida                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generoin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          generoida
generoit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generoinen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          generoida
generoinet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoinee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoinemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoinette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoinevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             generoida
generoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      generoida
generoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generoisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          generoida
generoisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             generoida
generoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      generoida
generoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generoi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoikoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoikaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoikaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoikoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             generoida
generoi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             generoida
generoida                               :Inf1:                    generoida
generoidakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  generoida
generoidessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            generoida
generoitaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            generoida
generoiden                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            generoida
generoimassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            generoida
generoimasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            generoida
generoimaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            generoida
generoimalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            generoida
generoimatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            generoida
generoiman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            generoida
generoitaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            generoida
generoiminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                generoida
generoimista                            :Inf4:Par:                generoida
generoimaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    generoida
generoiva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             generoida
generoitava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             generoida
generoinut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             generoida
generoitu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             generoida
generoima                               :Cip:Age:                 generoida
generoimaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          generoida
generoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             generoida
generoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          generoida
generoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          generoida
generoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          generoida
generoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          generoida
generoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             generoida
generoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      generoida
generoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generoinut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          generoida
generoineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          generoida
generoitu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             generoida
generoinut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      generoida
generoineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      generoida
generoitu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         generoida
generointi                              :S:Nom:                   generointi
generoinnin                             :S:Gen:                   generointi
generointia                             :S:Par:                   generointi
generoinnissa                           :S:Ine:                   generointi
generoinnista                           :S:Ela:                   generointi
generointiin                            :S:Ill:                   generointi
generoinnilla                           :S:Ade:                   generointi
generoinnilta                           :S:Abl:                   generointi
generoinnille                           :S:All:                   generointi
generointina                            :S:Ess:                   generointi
generoinniksi                           :S:Tra:                   generointi
generoinnitta                           :S:Abe:                   generointi
generoinnit                             :P:Nom:                   generointi
generointien                            :P:Gen:                   generointi
generointeja                            :P:Par:                   generointi
generoinneissa                          :P:Ine:                   generointi
generoinneista                          :P:Ela:                   generointi
generointeihin                          :P:Ill:                   generointi
generoinneilla                          :P:Ade:                   generointi
generoinneilta                          :P:Abl:                   generointi
generoinneille                          :P:All:                   generointi
generointeina                           :P:Ess:                   generointi
generoinneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   generointi
generoinnein                            :P:Ins:                   generointi
generoinneitta                          :P:Abe:                   generointi
generointeine                           :P:Kom:                   generointi
genetiikka                              :S:Nom:                   genetiikka
genetiikan                              :S:Gen:                   genetiikka
genetiikkaa                             :S:Par:                   genetiikka
genetiikassa                            :S:Ine:                   genetiikka
genetiikasta                            :S:Ela:                   genetiikka
genetiikkaan                            :S:Ill:                   genetiikka
genetiikalla                            :S:Ade:                   genetiikka
genetiikalta                            :S:Abl:                   genetiikka
genetiikalle                            :S:All:                   genetiikka
genetiikkana                            :S:Ess:                   genetiikka
genetiikaksi                            :S:Tra:                   genetiikka
genetiikatta                            :S:Abe:                   genetiikka
genetiikat                              :P:Nom:                   genetiikka
genetiikkojen                           :P:Gen:                   genetiikka
genetiikkain                            :P:Gen:                   genetiikka
genetiikkoja                            :P:Par:                   genetiikka
genetiikoissa                           :P:Ine:                   genetiikka
genetiikoista                           :P:Ela:                   genetiikka
genetiikkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   genetiikka
genetiikoilla                           :P:Ade:                   genetiikka
genetiikoilta                           :P:Abl:                   genetiikka
genetiikoille                           :P:All:                   genetiikka
genetiikkoina                           :P:Ess:                   genetiikka
genetiikoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   genetiikka
genetiikoin                             :P:Ins:                   genetiikka
genetiikoitta                           :P:Abe:                   genetiikka
genetiikkoine                           :P:Kom:                   genetiikka
genetiivi                               :S:Nom:                   genetiivi
genetiivin                              :S:Gen:                   genetiivi
genetiiviä                              :S:Par:                   genetiivi
genetiivissä                            :S:Ine:                   genetiivi
genetiivistä                            :S:Ela:                   genetiivi
genetiiviin                             :S:Ill:                   genetiivi
genetiivillä                            :S:Ade:                   genetiivi
genetiiviltä                            :S:Abl:                   genetiivi
genetiiville                            :S:All:                   genetiivi
genetiivinä                             :S:Ess:                   genetiivi
genetiiviksi                            :S:Tra:                   genetiivi
genetiivittä                            :S:Abe:                   genetiivi
genetiivit                              :P:Nom:                   genetiivi
genetiivien                             :P:Gen:                   genetiivi
genetiivejä                             :P:Par:                   genetiivi
genetiiveissä                           :P:Ine:                   genetiivi
genetiiveistä                           :P:Ela:                   genetiivi
genetiiveihin                           :P:Ill:                   genetiivi
genetiiveillä                           :P:Ade:                   genetiivi
genetiiveiltä                           :P:Abl:                   genetiivi
genetiiveille                           :P:All:                   genetiivi
genetiiveinä                            :P:Ess:                   genetiivi
genetiiveiksi                           :P:Tra:                   genetiivi
genetiivein                             :P:Ins:                   genetiivi
genetiiveittä                           :P:Abe:                   genetiivi
genetiiveine                            :P:Kom:                   genetiivi
genetiivi-attribuutti                   :S:Nom:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutin                    :S:Gen:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuttia                   :S:Par:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutissa                  :S:Ine:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutista                  :S:Ela:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuttiin                  :S:Ill:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutilla                  :S:Ade:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutilta                  :S:Abl:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutille                  :S:All:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuttina                  :S:Ess:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiivi-attribuutiksi                 :S:Tra:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutitta                  :S:Abe:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutit                    :P:Nom:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuttien                  :P:Gen:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutteja                  :P:Par:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuteissa                 :P:Ine:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuteista                 :P:Ela:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutteihin                :P:Ill:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuteilla                 :P:Ade:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuteilta                 :P:Abl:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuteille                 :P:All:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutteina                 :P:Ess:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiivi-attribuuteiksi                :P:Tra:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutein                   :P:Ins:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuuteitta                 :P:Abe:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genetiiviattribuutteine                 :P:Kom:                   genetiiviattribuutti
genevei                                 :S:Nom:                   genever
genevein                                :S:Gen:                   genever
geneveiä                                :S:Par:                   genever
geneveissä                              :S:Ine:                   genever
geneveistä                              :S:Ela:                   genever
geneveiin                               :S:Ill:                   genever
geneveillä                              :S:Ade:                   genever
geneveiltä                              :S:Abl:                   genever
geneveille                              :S:All:                   genever
geneveinä                               :S:Ess:                   genever
geneveiksi                              :S:Tra:                   genever
geneveittä                              :S:Abe:                   genever
geneveit                                :P:Nom:                   genever
geneveien                               :P:Gen:                   genever
geneveejä                               :P:Par:                   genever
geneveeissä                             :P:Ine:                   genever
geneveeistä                             :P:Ela:                   genever
geneveeihin                             :P:Ill:                   genever
geneveeillä                             :P:Ade:                   genever
geneveeiltä                             :P:Abl:                   genever
geneveeille                             :P:All:                   genever
geneveeinä                              :P:Ess:                   genever
geneveeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   genever
geneveein                               :P:Ins:                   genever
geneveeittä                             :P:Abe:                   genever
geneveeine                              :P:Kom:                   genever
genitaalinen                            :S:Nom:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisen                            :S:Gen:                   genitaalinen
genitaalista                            :S:Par:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisessa                          :S:Ine:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisesta                          :S:Ela:                   genitaalinen
genitaaliseen                           :S:Ill:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisella                          :S:Ade:                   genitaalinen
genitaaliselta                          :S:Abl:                   genitaalinen
genitaaliselle                          :S:All:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisena                           :S:Ess:                   genitaalinen
genitaaliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisetta                          :S:Abe:                   genitaalinen
genitaaliset                            :P:Nom:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisten                           :P:Gen:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisin                            :P:Gen:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisia                            :P:Par:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisissa                          :P:Ine:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisista                          :P:Ela:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisiin                           :P:Ill:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisilla                          :P:Ade:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisilta                          :P:Abl:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisille                          :P:All:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisina                           :P:Ess:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisin                            :P:Ins:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisitta                          :P:Abe:                   genitaalinen
genitaalisine                           :P:Kom:                   genitaalinen
genitaali                               :S:Nom:                   genitaalit
genitaalin                              :S:Gen:                   genitaalit
genitaalia                              :S:Par:                   genitaalit
genitaalissa                            :S:Ine:                   genitaalit
genitaalista                            :S:Ela:                   genitaalit
genitaaliin                             :S:Ill:                   genitaalit
genitaalilla                            :S:Ade:                   genitaalit
genitaalilta                            :S:Abl:                   genitaalit
genitaalille                            :S:All:                   genitaalit
genitaalina                             :S:Ess:                   genitaalit
genitaaliksi                            :S:Tra:                   genitaalit
genitaalitta                            :S:Abe:                   genitaalit
genitaalit                              :P:Nom:                   genitaalit
genitaalien                             :P:Gen:                   genitaalit
genitaaleja                             :P:Par:                   genitaalit
genitaaleissa                           :P:Ine:                   genitaalit
genitaaleista                           :P:Ela:                   genitaalit
genitaaleihin                           :P:Ill:                   genitaalit
genitaaleilla                           :P:Ade:                   genitaalit
genitaaleilta                           :P:Abl:                   genitaalit
genitaaleille                           :P:All:                   genitaalit
genitaaleina                            :P:Ess:                   genitaalit
genitaaleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   genitaalit
genitaalein                             :P:Ins:                   genitaalit
genitaaleitta                           :P:Abe:                   genitaalit
genitaaleine                            :P:Kom:                   genitaalit
genomi                                  :S:Nom:                   genomi
genomin                                 :S:Gen:                   genomi
genomia                                 :S:Par:                   genomi
genomissa                               :S:Ine:                   genomi
genomista                               :S:Ela:                   genomi
genomiin                                :S:Ill:                   genomi
genomilla                               :S:Ade:                   genomi
genomilta                               :S:Abl:                   genomi
genomille                               :S:All:                   genomi
genomina                                :S:Ess:                   genomi
genomiksi                               :S:Tra:                   genomi
genomitta                               :S:Abe:                   genomi
genomit                                 :P:Nom:                   genomi
genomien                                :P:Gen:                   genomi
genomeja                                :P:Par:                   genomi
genomeissa                              :P:Ine:                   genomi
genomeista                              :P:Ela:                   genomi
genomeihin                              :P:Ill:                   genomi
genomeilla                              :P:Ade:                   genomi
genomeilta                              :P:Abl:                   genomi
genomeille                              :P:All:                   genomi
genomeina                               :P:Ess:                   genomi
genomeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   genomi
genomein                                :P:Ins:                   genomi
genomeitta                              :P:Abe:                   genomi
genomeine                               :P:Kom:                   genomi
genotyyppi                              :S:Nom:                   genotyyppi
genotyypin                              :S:Gen:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppiä                             :S:Par:                   genotyyppi
genotyypissä                            :S:Ine:                   genotyyppi
genotyypistä                            :S:Ela:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppiin                            :S:Ill:                   genotyyppi
genotyypillä                            :S:Ade:                   genotyyppi
genotyypiltä                            :S:Abl:                   genotyyppi
genotyypille                            :S:All:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppinä                            :S:Ess:                   genotyyppi
genotyypiksi                            :S:Tra:                   genotyyppi
genotyypittä                            :S:Abe:                   genotyyppi
genotyypit                              :P:Nom:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppien                            :P:Gen:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppejä                            :P:Par:                   genotyyppi
genotyypeissä                           :P:Ine:                   genotyyppi
genotyypeistä                           :P:Ela:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppeihin                          :P:Ill:                   genotyyppi
genotyypeillä                           :P:Ade:                   genotyyppi
genotyypeiltä                           :P:Abl:                   genotyyppi
genotyypeille                           :P:All:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppeinä                           :P:Ess:                   genotyyppi
genotyypeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   genotyyppi
genotyypein                             :P:Ins:                   genotyyppi
genotyypeittä                           :P:Abe:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppeine                           :P:Kom:                   genotyyppi
genotyyppinen                           :S:Nom:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisen                           :S:Gen:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppistä                           :S:Par:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisessä                         :S:Ine:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisestä                         :S:Ela:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppiseen                          :S:Ill:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisellä                         :S:Ade:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppiselle                         :S:All:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisenä                          :S:Ess:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisettä                         :S:Abe:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppiset                           :P:Nom:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisten                          :P:Gen:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisin                           :P:Gen:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisiä                           :P:Par:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisissä                         :P:Ine:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisistä                         :P:Ela:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisiin                          :P:Ill:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisillä                         :P:Ade:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisille                         :P:All:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisinä                          :P:Ess:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisin                           :P:Ins:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisittä                         :P:Abe:                   genotyyppinen
genotyyppisine                          :P:Kom:                   genotyyppinen
genre                                   :S:Nom:                   genre
genren                                  :S:Gen:                   genre
genreä                                  :S:Par:                   genre
genressä                                :S:Ine:                   genre
genrestä                                :S:Ela:                   genre
genreen                                 :S:Ill:                   genre
genrellä                                :S:Ade:                   genre
genreltä                                :S:Abl:                   genre
genrelle                                :S:All:                   genre
genrenä                                 :S:Ess:                   genre
genreksi                                :S:Tra:                   genre
genrettä                                :S:Abe:                   genre
genret                                  :P:Nom:                   genre
genrejen                                :P:Gen:                   genre
genrein                                 :P:Gen:                   genre
genrejä                                 :P:Par:                   genre
genreissä                               :P:Ine:                   genre
genreistä                               :P:Ela:                   genre
genreihin                               :P:Ill:                   genre
genreillä                               :P:Ade:                   genre
genreiltä                               :P:Abl:                   genre
genreille                               :P:All:                   genre
genreinä                                :P:Ess:                   genre
genreiksi                               :P:Tra:                   genre
genrein                                 :P:Ins:                   genre
genreittä                               :P:Abe:                   genre
genreine                                :P:Kom:                   genre
gentlemanni                             :S:Nom:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannin                            :S:Gen:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannia                            :S:Par:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannissa                          :S:Ine:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannista                          :S:Ela:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanniin                           :S:Ill:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannilla                          :S:Ade:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannilta                          :S:Abl:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannille                          :S:All:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannina                           :S:Ess:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanniksi                          :S:Tra:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannitta                          :S:Abe:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannit                            :P:Nom:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannien                           :P:Gen:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneja                           :P:Par:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneissa                         :P:Ine:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneista                         :P:Ela:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneihin                         :P:Ill:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneilla                         :P:Ade:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneilta                         :P:Abl:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneille                         :P:All:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneina                          :P:Ess:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannein                           :P:Ins:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneitta                         :P:Abe:                   gentlemanni
gentlemanneine                          :P:Kom:                   gentlemanni
gentlemannisopimus                      :S:Nom:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksen                   :S:Gen:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimusta                    :S:Par:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksessa                 :S:Ine:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksesta                 :S:Ela:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimukseen                  :S:Ill:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksella                 :S:Ade:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimukselta                 :S:Abl:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimukselle                 :S:All:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksena                  :S:Ess:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemanni-sopimukseksi                :S:Tra:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksetta                 :S:Abe:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimukset                   :P:Nom:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimusten                   :P:Gen:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksien                  :P:Gen:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksia                   :P:Par:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksista                 :P:Ela:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksille                 :P:All:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksina                  :P:Ess:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemanni-sopimuksiksi                :P:Tra:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksin                   :P:Ins:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   gentlemannisopimus
gentlemannisopimuksine                  :P:Kom:                   gentlemannisopimus
geodeetti                               :S:Nom:                   geodeetti
geodeetin                               :S:Gen:                   geodeetti
geodeettia                              :S:Par:                   geodeetti
geodeetissa                             :S:Ine:                   geodeetti
geodeetista                             :S:Ela:                   geodeetti
geodeettiin                             :S:Ill:                   geodeetti
geodeetilla                             :S:Ade:                   geodeetti
geodeetilta                             :S:Abl:                   geodeetti
geodeetille                             :S:All:                   geodeetti
geodeettina                             :S:Ess:                   geodeetti
geodeetiksi                             :S:Tra:                   geodeetti
geodeetitta                             :S:Abe:                   geodeetti
geodeetit                               :P:Nom:                   geodeetti
geodeettien                             :P:Gen:                   geodeetti
geodeetteja                             :P:Par:                   geodeetti
geodeeteissa                            :P:Ine:                   geodeetti
geodeeteista                            :P:Ela:                   geodeetti
geodeetteihin                           :P:Ill:                   geodeetti
geodeeteilla                            :P:Ade:                   geodeetti
geodeeteilta                            :P:Abl:                   geodeetti
geodeeteille                            :P:All:                   geodeetti
geodeetteina                            :P:Ess:                   geodeetti
geodeeteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   geodeetti
geodeetein                              :P:Ins:                   geodeetti
geodeeteitta                            :P:Abe:                   geodeetti
geodeetteine                            :P:Kom:                   geodeetti
geodeettinen                            :S:Nom:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisen                            :S:Gen:                   geodeettinen
geodeettista                            :S:Par:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisessa                          :S:Ine:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisesta                          :S:Ela:                   geodeettinen
geodeettiseen                           :S:Ill:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisella                          :S:Ade:                   geodeettinen
geodeettiselta                          :S:Abl:                   geodeettinen
geodeettiselle                          :S:All:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisena                           :S:Ess:                   geodeettinen
geodeettiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisetta                          :S:Abe:                   geodeettinen
geodeettiset                            :P:Nom:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisten                           :P:Gen:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisin                            :P:Gen:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisia                            :P:Par:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisissa                          :P:Ine:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisista                          :P:Ela:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisiin                           :P:Ill:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisilla                          :P:Ade:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisilta                          :P:Abl:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisille                          :P:All:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisina                           :P:Ess:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisin                            :P:Ins:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisitta                          :P:Abe:                   geodeettinen
geodeettisine                           :P:Kom:                   geodeettinen
geodesia                                :S:Nom:                   geodesia
geodesian                               :S:Gen:                   geodesia
geodesiaa                               :S:Par:                   geodesia
geodesiassa                             :S:Ine:                   geodesia
geodesiasta                             :S:Ela:                   geodesia
geodesiaan                              :S:Ill:                   geodesia
geodesialla                             :S:Ade:                   geodesia
geodesialta                             :S:Abl:                   geodesia
geodesialle                             :S:All:                   geodesia
geodesiana                              :S:Ess:                   geodesia
geodesiaksi                             :S:Tra:                   geodesia
geodesiatta                             :S:Abe:                   geodesia
geodesiat                               :P:Nom:                   geodesia
geodesioiden                            :P:Gen:                   geodesia
geodesioitten                           :P:Gen:                   geodesia
geodesiain                              :P:Gen:                   geodesia
geodesioita                             :P:Par:                   geodesia
geodesioissa                            :P:Ine:                   geodesia
geodesioista                            :P:Ela:                   geodesia
geodesioihin                            :P:Ill:                   geodesia
geodesioilla                            :P:Ade:                   geodesia
geodesioilta                            :P:Abl:                   geodesia
geodesioille                            :P:All:                   geodesia
geodesioina                             :P:Ess:                   geodesia
geodesioiksi                            :P:Tra:                   geodesia
geodesioin                              :P:Ins:                   geodesia
geodesioitta                            :P:Abe:                   geodesia
geodesioine                             :P:Kom:                   geodesia
geofysiikka                             :S:Nom:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikan                             :S:Gen:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikkaa                            :S:Par:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikassa                           :S:Ine:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikasta                           :S:Ela:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikkaan                           :S:Ill:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikalla                           :S:Ade:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikalta                           :S:Abl:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikalle                           :S:All:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikkana                           :S:Ess:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikaksi                           :S:Tra:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikatta                           :S:Abe:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikat                             :P:Nom:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoiden                          :P:Gen:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoitten                         :P:Gen:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikkojen                          :P:Gen:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikkain                           :P:Gen:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoita                           :P:Par:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikkoja                           :P:Par:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoissa                          :P:Ine:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoista                          :P:Ela:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikkoihin                         :P:Ill:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoihin                          :P:Ill:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoilla                          :P:Ade:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoilta                          :P:Abl:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoille                          :P:All:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoina                           :P:Ess:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoin                            :P:Ins:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoitta                          :P:Abe:                   geofysiikka
geofysiikoine                           :P:Kom:                   geofysiikka
geofysikaalinen                         :S:Nom:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisen                         :S:Gen:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalista                         :S:Par:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisessa                       :S:Ine:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisesta                       :S:Ela:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaaliseen                        :S:Ill:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisella                       :S:Ade:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaaliselta                       :S:Abl:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaaliselle                       :S:All:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisena                        :S:Ess:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaaliseksi                       :S:Tra:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisetta                       :S:Abe:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaaliset                         :P:Nom:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisten                        :P:Gen:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisin                         :P:Gen:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisia                         :P:Par:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisissa                       :P:Ine:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisista                       :P:Ela:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisiin                        :P:Ill:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisilla                       :P:Ade:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisilta                       :P:Abl:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisille                       :P:All:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisina                        :P:Ess:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisin                         :P:Ins:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisitta                       :P:Abe:                   geofysikaalinen
geofysikaalisine                        :P:Kom:                   geofysikaalinen
geo-fyysikko                            :S:Nom:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikon                             :S:Gen:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikkoa                            :S:Par:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikossa                           :S:Ine:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikosta                           :S:Ela:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikkoon                           :S:Ill:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikolla                           :S:Ade:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikolta                           :S:Abl:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikolle                           :S:All:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikkona                           :S:Ess:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoksi                           :S:Tra:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikotta                           :S:Abe:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikot                             :P:Nom:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikkojen                          :P:Gen:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoiden                          :P:Gen:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoitten                         :P:Gen:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikkoja                           :P:Par:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoita                           :P:Par:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoissa                          :P:Ine:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoista                          :P:Ela:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikkoihin                         :P:Ill:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoihin                          :P:Ill:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoilla                          :P:Ade:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoilta                          :P:Abl:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoille                          :P:All:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikkoina                          :P:Ess:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoin                            :P:Ins:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoitta                          :P:Abe:                   geofyysikko
geofyysikoine                           :P:Kom:                   geofyysikko
geografia                               :S:Nom:                   geografia
geografian                              :S:Gen:                   geografia
geografiaa                              :S:Par:                   geografia
geografiassa                            :S:Ine:                   geografia
geografiasta                            :S:Ela:                   geografia
geografiaan                             :S:Ill:                   geografia
geografialla                            :S:Ade:                   geografia
geografialta                            :S:Abl:                   geografia
geografialle                            :S:All:                   geografia
geografiana                             :S:Ess:                   geografia
geografiaksi                            :S:Tra:                   geografia
geografiatta                            :S:Abe:                   geografia
geografiat                              :P:Nom:                   geografia
geografioiden                           :P:Gen:                   geografia
geografioitten                          :P:Gen:                   geografia
geografiain                             :P:Gen:                   geografia
geografioita                            :P:Par:                   geografia
geografioissa                           :P:Ine:                   geografia
geografioista                           :P:Ela:                   geografia
geografioihin                           :P:Ill:                   geografia
geografioilla                           :P:Ade:                   geografia
geografioilta                           :P:Abl:                   geografia
geografioille                           :P:All:                   geografia
geografioina                            :P:Ess:                   geografia
geografioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geografia
geografioin                             :P:Ins:                   geografia
geografioitta                           :P:Abe:                   geografia
geografioine                            :P:Kom:                   geografia
geologi                                 :S:Nom:                   geologi
geologin                                :S:Gen:                   geologi
geologia                                :S:Par:                   geologi
geologissa                              :S:Ine:                   geologi
geologista                              :S:Ela:                   geologi
geologiin                               :S:Ill:                   geologi
geologilla                              :S:Ade:                   geologi
geologilta                              :S:Abl:                   geologi
geologille                              :S:All:                   geologi
geologina                               :S:Ess:                   geologi
geologiksi                              :S:Tra:                   geologi
geologitta                              :S:Abe:                   geologi
geologit                                :P:Nom:                   geologi
geologien                               :P:Gen:                   geologi
geologeja                               :P:Par:                   geologi
geologeissa                             :P:Ine:                   geologi
geologeista                             :P:Ela:                   geologi
geologeihin                             :P:Ill:                   geologi
geologeilla                             :P:Ade:                   geologi
geologeilta                             :P:Abl:                   geologi
geologeille                             :P:All:                   geologi
geologeina                              :P:Ess:                   geologi
geologeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   geologi
geologein                               :P:Ins:                   geologi
geologeitta                             :P:Abe:                   geologi
geologeine                              :P:Kom:                   geologi
geologia                                :S:Nom:                   geologia
geologian                               :S:Gen:                   geologia
geologiaa                               :S:Par:                   geologia
geologiassa                             :S:Ine:                   geologia
geologiasta                             :S:Ela:                   geologia
geologiaan                              :S:Ill:                   geologia
geologialla                             :S:Ade:                   geologia
geologialta                             :S:Abl:                   geologia
geologialle                             :S:All:                   geologia
geologiana                              :S:Ess:                   geologia
geologiaksi                             :S:Tra:                   geologia
geologiatta                             :S:Abe:                   geologia
geologiat                               :P:Nom:                   geologia
geologioiden                            :P:Gen:                   geologia
geologioitten                           :P:Gen:                   geologia
geologiain                              :P:Gen:                   geologia
geologioita                             :P:Par:                   geologia
geologioissa                            :P:Ine:                   geologia
geologioista                            :P:Ela:                   geologia
geologioihin                            :P:Ill:                   geologia
geologioilla                            :P:Ade:                   geologia
geologioilta                            :P:Abl:                   geologia
geologioille                            :P:All:                   geologia
geologioina                             :P:Ess:                   geologia
geologioiksi                            :P:Tra:                   geologia
geologioin                              :P:Ins:                   geologia
geologioitta                            :P:Abe:                   geologia
geologioine                             :P:Kom:                   geologia
geologinen                              :S:Nom:                   geologinen
geologisen                              :S:Gen:                   geologinen
geologista                              :S:Par:                   geologinen
geologisessa                            :S:Ine:                   geologinen
geologisesta                            :S:Ela:                   geologinen
geologiseen                             :S:Ill:                   geologinen
geologisella                            :S:Ade:                   geologinen
geologiselta                            :S:Abl:                   geologinen
geologiselle                            :S:All:                   geologinen
geologisena                             :S:Ess:                   geologinen
geologiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   geologinen
geologisetta                            :S:Abe:                   geologinen
geologiset                              :P:Nom:                   geologinen
geologisten                             :P:Gen:                   geologinen
geologisin                              :P:Gen:                   geologinen
geologisia                              :P:Par:                   geologinen
geologisissa                            :P:Ine:                   geologinen
geologisista                            :P:Ela:                   geologinen
geologisiin                             :P:Ill:                   geologinen
geologisilla                            :P:Ade:                   geologinen
geologisilta                            :P:Abl:                   geologinen
geologisille                            :P:All:                   geologinen
geologisina                             :P:Ess:                   geologinen
geologisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   geologinen
geologisin                              :P:Ins:                   geologinen
geologisitta                            :P:Abe:                   geologinen
geologisine                             :P:Kom:                   geologinen
geomagnetismi                           :S:Nom:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismin                          :S:Gen:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismia                          :S:Par:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismissa                        :S:Ine:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismista                        :S:Ela:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismiin                         :S:Ill:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismilla                        :S:Ade:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismilta                        :S:Abl:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismille                        :S:All:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismina                         :S:Ess:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismiksi                        :S:Tra:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismitta                        :S:Abe:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismit                          :P:Nom:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismien                         :P:Gen:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeja                         :P:Par:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeissa                       :P:Ine:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeista                       :P:Ela:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeihin                       :P:Ill:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeilla                       :P:Ade:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeilta                       :P:Abl:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeille                       :P:All:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeina                        :P:Ess:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismein                         :P:Ins:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeitta                       :P:Abe:                   geomagnetismi
geomagnetismeine                        :P:Kom:                   geomagnetismi
geometria                               :S:Nom:                   geometria
geometrian                              :S:Gen:                   geometria
geometriaa                              :S:Par:                   geometria
geometriassa                            :S:Ine:                   geometria
geometriasta                            :S:Ela:                   geometria
geometriaan                             :S:Ill:                   geometria
geometrialla                            :S:Ade:                   geometria
geometrialta                            :S:Abl:                   geometria
geometrialle                            :S:All:                   geometria
geometriana                             :S:Ess:                   geometria
geometriaksi                            :S:Tra:                   geometria
geometriatta                            :S:Abe:                   geometria
geometriat                              :P:Nom:                   geometria
geometrioiden                           :P:Gen:                   geometria
geometrioitten                          :P:Gen:                   geometria
geometriain                             :P:Gen:                   geometria
geometrioita                            :P:Par:                   geometria
geometrioissa                           :P:Ine:                   geometria
geometrioista                           :P:Ela:                   geometria
geometrioihin                           :P:Ill:                   geometria
geometrioilla                           :P:Ade:                   geometria
geometrioilta                           :P:Abl:                   geometria
geometrioille                           :P:All:                   geometria
geometrioina                            :P:Ess:                   geometria
geometrioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geometria
geometrioin                             :P:Ins:                   geometria
geometrioitta                           :P:Abe:                   geometria
geometrioine                            :P:Kom:                   geometria
geometrinen                             :S:Nom:                   geometrinen
geometrisen                             :S:Gen:                   geometrinen
geometrista                             :S:Par:                   geometrinen
geometrisessa                           :S:Ine:                   geometrinen
geometrisesta                           :S:Ela:                   geometrinen
geometriseen                            :S:Ill:                   geometrinen
geometrisella                           :S:Ade:                   geometrinen
geometriselta                           :S:Abl:                   geometrinen
geometriselle                           :S:All:                   geometrinen
geometrisena                            :S:Ess:                   geometrinen
geometriseksi                           :S:Tra:                   geometrinen
geometrisetta                           :S:Abe:                   geometrinen
geometriset                             :P:Nom:                   geometrinen
geometristen                            :P:Gen:                   geometrinen
geometrisin                             :P:Gen:                   geometrinen
geometrisia                             :P:Par:                   geometrinen
geometrisissa                           :P:Ine:                   geometrinen
geometrisista                           :P:Ela:                   geometrinen
geometrisiin                            :P:Ill:                   geometrinen
geometrisilla                           :P:Ade:                   geometrinen
geometrisilta                           :P:Abl:                   geometrinen
geometrisille                           :P:All:                   geometrinen
geometrisina                            :P:Ess:                   geometrinen
geometrisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geometrinen
geometrisin                             :P:Ins:                   geometrinen
geometrisitta                           :P:Abe:                   geometrinen
geometrisine                            :P:Kom:                   geometrinen
geometrisuus                            :S:Nom:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuutta                          :S:Par:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuudelle                        :S:All:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksille                       :P:All:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   geometrisuus
geometrisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   geometrisuus
geomorfologia                           :S:Nom:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologian                          :S:Gen:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiaa                          :S:Par:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiassa                        :S:Ine:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiasta                        :S:Ela:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiaan                         :S:Ill:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologialla                        :S:Ade:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologialta                        :S:Abl:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologialle                        :S:All:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiana                         :S:Ess:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiaksi                        :S:Tra:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiatta                        :S:Abe:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiat                          :P:Nom:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioiden                       :P:Gen:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioitten                      :P:Gen:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologiain                         :P:Gen:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioita                        :P:Par:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioissa                       :P:Ine:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioista                       :P:Ela:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioihin                       :P:Ill:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioilla                       :P:Ade:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioilta                       :P:Abl:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioille                       :P:All:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioina                        :P:Ess:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioiksi                       :P:Tra:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioin                         :P:Ins:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioitta                       :P:Abe:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologioine                        :P:Kom:                   geomorfologia
geomorfologinen                         :S:Nom:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisen                         :S:Gen:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologista                         :S:Par:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisessa                       :S:Ine:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisesta                       :S:Ela:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologiseen                        :S:Ill:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisella                       :S:Ade:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologiselta                       :S:Abl:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologiselle                       :S:All:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisena                        :S:Ess:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisetta                       :S:Abe:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologiset                         :P:Nom:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisten                        :P:Gen:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisin                         :P:Gen:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisia                         :P:Par:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisissa                       :P:Ine:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisista                       :P:Ela:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisiin                        :P:Ill:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisilla                       :P:Ade:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisilta                       :P:Abl:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisille                       :P:All:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisina                        :P:Ess:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisin                         :P:Ins:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisitta                       :P:Abe:                   geomorfologinen
geomorfologisine                        :P:Kom:                   geomorfologinen
geopoliittinen                          :S:Nom:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisen                          :S:Gen:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittista                          :S:Par:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisessa                        :S:Ine:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisesta                        :S:Ela:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittiseen                         :S:Ill:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisella                        :S:Ade:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittiselta                        :S:Abl:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittiselle                        :S:All:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisena                         :S:Ess:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisetta                        :S:Abe:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittiset                          :P:Nom:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisten                         :P:Gen:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisin                          :P:Gen:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisia                          :P:Par:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisissa                        :P:Ine:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisista                        :P:Ela:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisiin                         :P:Ill:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisilla                        :P:Ade:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisilta                        :P:Abl:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisille                        :P:All:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisina                         :P:Ess:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisin                          :P:Ins:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisitta                        :P:Abe:                   geopoliittinen
geopoliittisine                         :P:Kom:                   geopoliittinen
geopolitiikka                           :S:Nom:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikan                           :S:Gen:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkaa                          :S:Par:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikassa                         :S:Ine:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikasta                         :S:Ela:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkaan                         :S:Ill:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikalla                         :S:Ade:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikalta                         :S:Abl:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikalle                         :S:All:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkana                         :S:Ess:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikaksi                         :S:Tra:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikatta                         :S:Abe:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikat                           :P:Nom:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkojen                        :P:Gen:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkain                         :P:Gen:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkoja                         :P:Par:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikoissa                        :P:Ine:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikoista                        :P:Ela:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkoihin                       :P:Ill:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikoilla                        :P:Ade:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikoilta                        :P:Abl:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikoille                        :P:All:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkoina                        :P:Ess:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikoin                          :P:Ins:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikoitta                        :P:Abe:                   geopolitiikka
geopolitiikkoine                        :P:Kom:                   geopolitiikka
geosentrinen                            :S:Nom:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisen                            :S:Gen:                   geosentrinen
geosentrista                            :S:Par:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisessa                          :S:Ine:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisesta                          :S:Ela:                   geosentrinen
geosentriseen                           :S:Ill:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisella                          :S:Ade:                   geosentrinen
geosentriselta                          :S:Abl:                   geosentrinen
geosentriselle                          :S:All:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisena                           :S:Ess:                   geosentrinen
geosentriseksi                          :S:Tra:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisetta                          :S:Abe:                   geosentrinen
geosentriset                            :P:Nom:                   geosentrinen
geosentristen                           :P:Gen:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisin                            :P:Gen:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisia                            :P:Par:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisissa                          :P:Ine:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisista                          :P:Ela:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisiin                           :P:Ill:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisilla                          :P:Ade:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisilta                          :P:Abl:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisille                          :P:All:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisina                           :P:Ess:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisin                            :P:Ins:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisitta                          :P:Abe:                   geosentrinen
geosentrisine                           :P:Kom:                   geosentrinen
geotekniikka                            :S:Nom:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikan                            :S:Gen:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikkaa                           :S:Par:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikassa                          :S:Ine:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikasta                          :S:Ela:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikkaan                          :S:Ill:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikalla                          :S:Ade:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikalta                          :S:Abl:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikalle                          :S:All:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikkana                          :S:Ess:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikaksi                          :S:Tra:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikatta                          :S:Abe:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikat                            :P:Nom:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoiden                         :P:Gen:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoitten                        :P:Gen:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikkojen                         :P:Gen:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikkain                          :P:Gen:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoita                          :P:Par:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikkoja                          :P:Par:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoissa                         :P:Ine:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoista                         :P:Ela:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikkoihin                        :P:Ill:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoihin                         :P:Ill:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoilla                         :P:Ade:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoilta                         :P:Abl:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoille                         :P:All:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoina                          :P:Ess:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoin                           :P:Ins:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoitta                         :P:Abe:                   geotekniikka
geotekniikoine                          :P:Kom:                   geotekniikka
geotekstiili                            :S:Nom:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilin                           :S:Gen:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiiliä                           :S:Par:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilissä                         :S:Ine:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilistä                         :S:Ela:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiiliin                          :S:Ill:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilillä                         :S:Ade:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiililtä                         :S:Abl:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilille                         :S:All:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilinä                          :S:Ess:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiiliksi                         :S:Tra:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilittä                         :S:Abe:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilit                           :P:Nom:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilien                          :P:Gen:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileiden                        :P:Gen:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileitten                       :P:Gen:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilejä                          :P:Par:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileitä                         :P:Par:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileissä                        :P:Ine:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileistä                        :P:Ela:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileihin                        :P:Ill:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileillä                        :P:Ade:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileiltä                        :P:Abl:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileille                        :P:All:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileinä                         :P:Ess:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileiksi                        :P:Tra:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiilein                          :P:Ins:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileittä                        :P:Abe:                   geotekstiili
geotekstiileine                         :P:Kom:                   geotekstiili
geoterminen                             :S:Nom:                   geoterminen
geotermisen                             :S:Gen:                   geoterminen
geotermistä                             :S:Par:                   geoterminen
geotermisessä                           :S:Ine:                   geoterminen
geotermisestä                           :S:Ela:                   geoterminen
geotermiseen                            :S:Ill:                   geoterminen
geotermisellä                           :S:Ade:                   geoterminen
geotermiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   geoterminen
geotermiselle                           :S:All:                   geoterminen
geotermisenä                            :S:Ess:                   geoterminen
geotermiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   geoterminen
geotermisettä                           :S:Abe:                   geoterminen
geotermiset                             :P:Nom:                   geoterminen
geotermisten                            :P:Gen:                   geoterminen
geotermisin                             :P:Gen:                   geoterminen
geotermisiä                             :P:Par:                   geoterminen
geotermisissä                           :P:Ine:                   geoterminen
geotermisistä                           :P:Ela:                   geoterminen
geotermisiin                            :P:Ill:                   geoterminen
geotermisillä                           :P:Ade:                   geoterminen
geotermisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   geoterminen
geotermisille                           :P:All:                   geoterminen
geotermisinä                            :P:Ess:                   geoterminen
geotermisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geoterminen
geotermisin                             :P:Ins:                   geoterminen
geotermisittä                           :P:Abe:                   geoterminen
geotermisine                            :P:Kom:                   geoterminen
geotiede                                :S:Nom:                   geotiede
geotieteen                              :S:Gen:                   geotiede
geotiedettä                             :S:Par:                   geotiede
geotieteessä                            :S:Ine:                   geotiede
geotieteestä                            :S:Ela:                   geotiede
geotieteeseen                           :S:Ill:                   geotiede
geotieteellä                            :S:Ade:                   geotiede
geotieteeltä                            :S:Abl:                   geotiede
geotieteelle                            :S:All:                   geotiede
geotieteenä                             :S:Ess:                   geotiede
geotieteeksi                            :S:Tra:                   geotiede
geotieteettä                            :S:Abe:                   geotiede
geotieteet                              :P:Nom:                   geotiede
geotieteiden                            :P:Gen:                   geotiede
geotiedeitten                           :P:Gen:                   geotiede
geotieteitä                             :P:Par:                   geotiede
geotieteissä                            :P:Ine:                   geotiede
geotieteistä                            :P:Ela:                   geotiede
geotieteisiin                           :P:Ill:                   geotiede
geotieteihin                            :P:Ill:                   geotiede
geotieteillä                            :P:Ade:                   geotiede
geotieteiltä                            :P:Abl:                   geotiede
geotieteille                            :P:All:                   geotiede
geotieteinä                             :P:Ess:                   geotiede
geotieteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   geotiede
geotietein                              :P:Ins:                   geotiede
geotieteittä                            :P:Abe:                   geotiede
geotieteine                             :P:Kom:                   geotiede
gepardi                                 :S:Nom:                   gepardi
gepardin                                :S:Gen:                   gepardi
gepardia                                :S:Par:                   gepardi
gepardissa                              :S:Ine:                   gepardi
gepardista                              :S:Ela:                   gepardi
gepardiin                               :S:Ill:                   gepardi
gepardilla                              :S:Ade:                   gepardi
gepardilta                              :S:Abl:                   gepardi
gepardille                              :S:All:                   gepardi
gepardina                               :S:Ess:                   gepardi
gepardiksi                              :S:Tra:                   gepardi
geparditta                              :S:Abe:                   gepardi
gepardit                                :P:Nom:                   gepardi
gepardien                               :P:Gen:                   gepardi
gepardeja                               :P:Par:                   gepardi
gepardeissa                             :P:Ine:                   gepardi
gepardeista                             :P:Ela:                   gepardi
gepardeihin                             :P:Ill:                   gepardi
gepardeilla                             :P:Ade:                   gepardi
gepardeilta                             :P:Abl:                   gepardi
gepardeille                             :P:All:                   gepardi
gepardeina                              :P:Ess:                   gepardi
gepardeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gepardi
gepardein                               :P:Ins:                   gepardi
gepardeitta                             :P:Abe:                   gepardi
gepardeine                              :P:Kom:                   gepardi
gerbera                                 :S:Nom:                   gerbera
gerberan                                :S:Gen:                   gerbera
gerberaa                                :S:Par:                   gerbera
gerberassa                              :S:Ine:                   gerbera
gerberasta                              :S:Ela:                   gerbera
gerberaan                               :S:Ill:                   gerbera
gerberalla                              :S:Ade:                   gerbera
gerberalta                              :S:Abl:                   gerbera
gerberalle                              :S:All:                   gerbera
gerberana                               :S:Ess:                   gerbera
gerberaksi                              :S:Tra:                   gerbera
gerberatta                              :S:Abe:                   gerbera
gerberat                                :P:Nom:                   gerbera
gerberoiden                             :P:Gen:                   gerbera
gerberoitten                            :P:Gen:                   gerbera
gerberojen                              :P:Gen:                   gerbera
gerberain                               :P:Gen:                   gerbera
gerberoita                              :P:Par:                   gerbera
gerberoja                               :P:Par:                   gerbera
gerberoissa                             :P:Ine:                   gerbera
gerberoista                             :P:Ela:                   gerbera
gerberoihin                             :P:Ill:                   gerbera
gerberoilla                             :P:Ade:                   gerbera
gerberoilta                             :P:Abl:                   gerbera
gerberoille                             :P:All:                   gerbera
gerberoina                              :P:Ess:                   gerbera
gerberoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gerbera
gerberoin                               :P:Ins:                   gerbera
gerberoitta                             :P:Abe:                   gerbera
gerberoine                              :P:Kom:                   gerbera
gerbiili                                :S:Nom:                   gerbiili
gerbiilin                               :S:Gen:                   gerbiili
gerbiiliä                               :S:Par:                   gerbiili
gerbiilissä                             :S:Ine:                   gerbiili
gerbiilistä                             :S:Ela:                   gerbiili
gerbiiliin                              :S:Ill:                   gerbiili
gerbiilillä                             :S:Ade:                   gerbiili
gerbiililtä                             :S:Abl:                   gerbiili
gerbiilille                             :S:All:                   gerbiili
gerbiilinä                              :S:Ess:                   gerbiili
gerbiiliksi                             :S:Tra:                   gerbiili
gerbiilittä                             :S:Abe:                   gerbiili
gerbiilit                               :P:Nom:                   gerbiili
gerbiilien                              :P:Gen:                   gerbiili
gerbiilejä                              :P:Par:                   gerbiili
gerbiileissä                            :P:Ine:                   gerbiili
gerbiileistä                            :P:Ela:                   gerbiili
gerbiileihin                            :P:Ill:                   gerbiili
gerbiileillä                            :P:Ade:                   gerbiili
gerbiileiltä                            :P:Abl:                   gerbiili
gerbiileille                            :P:All:                   gerbiili
gerbiileinä                             :P:Ess:                   gerbiili
gerbiileiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gerbiili
gerbiilein                              :P:Ins:                   gerbiili
gerbiileittä                            :P:Abe:                   gerbiili
gerbiileine                             :P:Kom:                   gerbiili
gerbilli                                :S:Nom:                   gerbilli
gerbillin                               :S:Gen:                   gerbilli
gerbilliä                               :S:Par:                   gerbilli
gerbillissä                             :S:Ine:                   gerbilli
gerbillistä                             :S:Ela:                   gerbilli
gerbilliin                              :S:Ill:                   gerbilli
gerbillillä                             :S:Ade:                   gerbilli
gerbilliltä                             :S:Abl:                   gerbilli
gerbillille                             :S:All:                   gerbilli
gerbillinä                              :S:Ess:                   gerbilli
gerbilliksi                             :S:Tra:                   gerbilli
gerbillittä                             :S:Abe:                   gerbilli
gerbillit                               :P:Nom:                   gerbilli
gerbillien                              :P:Gen:                   gerbilli
gerbillejä                              :P:Par:                   gerbilli
gerbilleissä                            :P:Ine:                   gerbilli
gerbilleistä                            :P:Ela:                   gerbilli
gerbilleihin                            :P:Ill:                   gerbilli
gerbilleillä                            :P:Ade:                   gerbilli
gerbilleiltä                            :P:Abl:                   gerbilli
gerbilleille                            :P:All:                   gerbilli
gerbilleinä                             :P:Ess:                   gerbilli
gerbilleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gerbilli
gerbillein                              :P:Ins:                   gerbilli
gerbilleittä                            :P:Abe:                   gerbilli
gerbilleine                             :P:Kom:                   gerbilli
geriatria                               :S:Nom:                   geriatria
geriatrian                              :S:Gen:                   geriatria
geriatriaa                              :S:Par:                   geriatria
geriatriassa                            :S:Ine:                   geriatria
geriatriasta                            :S:Ela:                   geriatria
geriatriaan                             :S:Ill:                   geriatria
geriatrialla                            :S:Ade:                   geriatria
geriatrialta                            :S:Abl:                   geriatria
geriatrialle                            :S:All:                   geriatria
geriatriana                             :S:Ess:                   geriatria
geriatriaksi                            :S:Tra:                   geriatria
geriatriatta                            :S:Abe:                   geriatria
geriatriat                              :P:Nom:                   geriatria
geriatrioiden                           :P:Gen:                   geriatria
geriatrioitten                          :P:Gen:                   geriatria
geriatriain                             :P:Gen:                   geriatria
geriatrioita                            :P:Par:                   geriatria
geriatrioissa                           :P:Ine:                   geriatria
geriatrioista                           :P:Ela:                   geriatria
geriatrioihin                           :P:Ill:                   geriatria
geriatrioilla                           :P:Ade:                   geriatria
geriatrioilta                           :P:Abl:                   geriatria
geriatrioille                           :P:All:                   geriatria
geriatrioina                            :P:Ess:                   geriatria
geriatrioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geriatria
geriatrioin                             :P:Ins:                   geriatria
geriatrioitta                           :P:Abe:                   geriatria
geriatrioine                            :P:Kom:                   geriatria
geriatrinen                             :S:Nom:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisen                             :S:Gen:                   geriatrinen
geriatrista                             :S:Par:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisessa                           :S:Ine:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisesta                           :S:Ela:                   geriatrinen
geriatriseen                            :S:Ill:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisella                           :S:Ade:                   geriatrinen
geriatriselta                           :S:Abl:                   geriatrinen
geriatriselle                           :S:All:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisena                            :S:Ess:                   geriatrinen
geriatriseksi                           :S:Tra:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisetta                           :S:Abe:                   geriatrinen
geriatriset                             :P:Nom:                   geriatrinen
geriatristen                            :P:Gen:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisin                             :P:Gen:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisia                             :P:Par:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisissa                           :P:Ine:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisista                           :P:Ela:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisiin                            :P:Ill:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisilla                           :P:Ade:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisilta                           :P:Abl:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisille                           :P:All:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisina                            :P:Ess:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisin                             :P:Ins:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisitta                           :P:Abe:                   geriatrinen
geriatrisine                            :P:Kom:                   geriatrinen
gerilla-sota                            :S:Nom:                   gerillasota
gerillasodan                            :S:Gen:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sotaa                           :S:Par:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodassa                         :S:Ine:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodasta                         :S:Ela:                   gerillasota
gerillasotaan                           :S:Ill:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodalla                         :S:Ade:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodalta                         :S:Abl:                   gerillasota
gerillasodalle                          :S:All:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sotana                          :S:Ess:                   gerillasota
gerillasodaksi                          :S:Tra:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodatta                         :S:Abe:                   gerillasota
gerillasodat                            :P:Nom:                   gerillasota
gerillasotien                           :P:Gen:                   gerillasota
gerillasotain                           :P:Gen:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sotia                           :P:Par:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodissa                         :P:Ine:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodista                         :P:Ela:                   gerillasota
gerillasotiin                           :P:Ill:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodilla                         :P:Ade:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sodilta                         :P:Abl:                   gerillasota
gerillasodille                          :P:All:                   gerillasota
gerilla-sotina                          :P:Ess:                   gerillasota
gerillasodiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gerillasota
gerillasodin                            :P:Ins:                   gerillasota
gerilla-soditta                         :P:Abe:                   gerillasota
gerillasotine                           :P:Kom:                   gerillasota
germaani                                :S:Nom:                   germaani
germaanin                               :S:Gen:                   germaani
germaania                               :S:Par:                   germaani
germaanissa                             :S:Ine:                   germaani
germaanista                             :S:Ela:                   germaani
germaaniin                              :S:Ill:                   germaani
germaanilla                             :S:Ade:                   germaani
germaanilta                             :S:Abl:                   germaani
germaanille                             :S:All:                   germaani
germaanina                              :S:Ess:                   germaani
germaaniksi                             :S:Tra:                   germaani
germaanitta                             :S:Abe:                   germaani
germaanit                               :P:Nom:                   germaani
germaanien                              :P:Gen:                   germaani
germaaneiden                            :P:Gen:                   germaani
germaaneitten                           :P:Gen:                   germaani
germaaneja                              :P:Par:                   germaani
germaaneita                             :P:Par:                   germaani
germaaneissa                            :P:Ine:                   germaani
germaaneista                            :P:Ela:                   germaani
germaaneihin                            :P:Ill:                   germaani
germaaneilla                            :P:Ade:                   germaani
germaaneilta                            :P:Abl:                   germaani
germaaneille                            :P:All:                   germaani
germaaneina                             :P:Ess:                   germaani
germaaneiksi                            :P:Tra:                   germaani
germaanein                              :P:Ins:                   germaani
germaaneitta                            :P:Abe:                   germaani
germaaneine                             :P:Kom:                   germaani
germaaninen                             :S:Nom:                   germaaninen
germaanisen                             :S:Gen:                   germaaninen
germaanista                             :S:Par:                   germaaninen
germaanisessa                           :S:Ine:                   germaaninen
germaanisesta                           :S:Ela:                   germaaninen
germaaniseen                            :S:Ill:                   germaaninen
germaanisella                           :S:Ade:                   germaaninen
germaaniselta                           :S:Abl:                   germaaninen
germaaniselle                           :S:All:                   germaaninen
germaanisena                            :S:Ess:                   germaaninen
germaaniseksi                           :S:Tra:                   germaaninen
germaanisetta                           :S:Abe:                   germaaninen
germaaniset                             :P:Nom:                   germaaninen
germaanisten                            :P:Gen:                   germaaninen
germaanisin                             :P:Gen:                   germaaninen
germaanisia                             :P:Par:                   germaaninen
germaanisissa                           :P:Ine:                   germaaninen
germaanisista                           :P:Ela:                   germaaninen
germaanisiin                            :P:Ill:                   germaaninen
germaanisilla                           :P:Ade:                   germaaninen
germaanisilta                           :P:Abl:                   germaaninen
germaanisille                           :P:All:                   germaaninen
germaanisina                            :P:Ess:                   germaaninen
germaanisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   germaaninen
germaanisin                             :P:Ins:                   germaaninen
germaanisitta                           :P:Abe:                   germaaninen
germaanisine                            :P:Kom:                   germaaninen
germanisti                              :S:Nom:                   germanisti
germanistin                             :S:Gen:                   germanisti
germanistia                             :S:Par:                   germanisti
germanistissa                           :S:Ine:                   germanisti
germanistista                           :S:Ela:                   germanisti
germanistiin                            :S:Ill:                   germanisti
germanistilla                           :S:Ade:                   germanisti
germanistilta                           :S:Abl:                   germanisti
germanistille                           :S:All:                   germanisti
germanistina                            :S:Ess:                   germanisti
germanistiksi                           :S:Tra:                   germanisti
germanistitta                           :S:Abe:                   germanisti
germanistit                             :P:Nom:                   germanisti
germanistien                            :P:Gen:                   germanisti
germanisteja                            :P:Par:                   germanisti
germanisteissa                          :P:Ine:                   germanisti
germanisteista                          :P:Ela:                   germanisti
germanisteihin                          :P:Ill:                   germanisti
germanisteilla                          :P:Ade:                   germanisti
germanisteilta                          :P:Abl:                   germanisti
germanisteille                          :P:All:                   germanisti
germanisteina                           :P:Ess:                   germanisti
germanisteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   germanisti
germanistein                            :P:Ins:                   germanisti
germanisteitta                          :P:Abe:                   germanisti
germanisteine                           :P:Kom:                   germanisti
germanistiikka                          :S:Nom:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikan                          :S:Gen:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkaa                         :S:Par:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikassa                        :S:Ine:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikasta                        :S:Ela:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkaan                        :S:Ill:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikalla                        :S:Ade:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikalta                        :S:Abl:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikalle                        :S:All:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkana                        :S:Ess:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikaksi                        :S:Tra:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikatta                        :S:Abe:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikat                          :P:Nom:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkojen                       :P:Gen:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkain                        :P:Gen:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkoja                        :P:Par:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikoissa                       :P:Ine:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikoista                       :P:Ela:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkoihin                      :P:Ill:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikoilla                       :P:Ade:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikoilta                       :P:Abl:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikoille                       :P:All:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkoina                       :P:Ess:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikoin                         :P:Ins:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikoitta                       :P:Abe:                   germanistiikka
germanistiikkoine                       :P:Kom:                   germanistiikka
gerontologia                            :S:Nom:                   gerontologia
gerontologian                           :S:Gen:                   gerontologia
gerontologiaa                           :S:Par:                   gerontologia
gerontologiassa                         :S:Ine:                   gerontologia
gerontologiasta                         :S:Ela:                   gerontologia
gerontologiaan                          :S:Ill:                   gerontologia
gerontologialla                         :S:Ade:                   gerontologia
gerontologialta                         :S:Abl:                   gerontologia
gerontologialle                         :S:All:                   gerontologia
gerontologiana                          :S:Ess:                   gerontologia
gerontologiaksi                         :S:Tra:                   gerontologia
gerontologiatta                         :S:Abe:                   gerontologia
gerontologiat                           :P:Nom:                   gerontologia
gerontologioiden                        :P:Gen:                   gerontologia
gerontologioitten                       :P:Gen:                   gerontologia
gerontologiain                          :P:Gen:                   gerontologia
gerontologioita                         :P:Par:                   gerontologia
gerontologioissa                        :P:Ine:                   gerontologia
gerontologioista                        :P:Ela:                   gerontologia
gerontologioihin                        :P:Ill:                   gerontologia
gerontologioilla                        :P:Ade:                   gerontologia
gerontologioilta                        :P:Abl:                   gerontologia
gerontologioille                        :P:All:                   gerontologia
gerontologioina                         :P:Ess:                   gerontologia
gerontologioiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gerontologia
gerontologioin                          :P:Ins:                   gerontologia
gerontologioitta                        :P:Abe:                   gerontologia
gerontologioine                         :P:Kom:                   gerontologia
gerontologinen                          :S:Nom:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisen                          :S:Gen:                   gerontologinen
gerontologista                          :S:Par:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisessa                        :S:Ine:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisesta                        :S:Ela:                   gerontologinen
gerontologiseen                         :S:Ill:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisella                        :S:Ade:                   gerontologinen
gerontologiselta                        :S:Abl:                   gerontologinen
gerontologiselle                        :S:All:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisena                         :S:Ess:                   gerontologinen
gerontologiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisetta                        :S:Abe:                   gerontologinen
gerontologiset                          :P:Nom:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisten                         :P:Gen:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisin                          :P:Gen:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisia                          :P:Par:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisissa                        :P:Ine:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisista                        :P:Ela:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisiin                         :P:Ill:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisilla                        :P:Ade:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisilta                        :P:Abl:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisille                        :P:All:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisina                         :P:Ess:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisin                          :P:Ins:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisitta                        :P:Abe:                   gerontologinen
gerontologisine                         :P:Kom:                   gerontologinen
getto                                   :S:Nom:                   getto
geton                                   :S:Gen:                   getto
gettoa                                  :S:Par:                   getto
getossa                                 :S:Ine:                   getto
getosta                                 :S:Ela:                   getto
gettoon                                 :S:Ill:                   getto
getolla                                 :S:Ade:                   getto
getolta                                 :S:Abl:                   getto
getolle                                 :S:All:                   getto
gettona                                 :S:Ess:                   getto
getoksi                                 :S:Tra:                   getto
getotta                                 :S:Abe:                   getto
getot                                   :P:Nom:                   getto
gettojen                                :P:Gen:                   getto
gettoja                                 :P:Par:                   getto
getoissa                                :P:Ine:                   getto
getoista                                :P:Ela:                   getto
gettoihin                               :P:Ill:                   getto
getoilla                                :P:Ade:                   getto
getoilta                                :P:Abl:                   getto
getoille                                :P:All:                   getto
gettoina                                :P:Ess:                   getto
getoiksi                                :P:Tra:                   getto
getoin                                  :P:Ins:                   getto
getoitta                                :P:Abe:                   getto
gettoine                                :P:Kom:                   getto
gettoistun                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          gettoistua
gettoistut                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistuu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistumme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistutte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistuvat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistutaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoistuin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          gettoistua
gettoistuit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistui                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistuimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistuitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistuivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoistunen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          gettoistua
gettoistunet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistunee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistunemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistunette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistunevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoistuisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          gettoistua
gettoistuisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistuisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistuisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistuisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoistu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistukoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistukaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistukaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistukoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistua                              :Inf1:                    gettoistua
gettoistuakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  gettoistua
gettoistuessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            gettoistua
gettoistuttaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            gettoistua
gettoistuen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            gettoistua
gettoistumassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            gettoistua
gettoistumasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            gettoistua
gettoistumaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            gettoistua
gettoistumalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            gettoistua
gettoistumatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            gettoistua
gettoistuman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            gettoistua
gettoistuttaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            gettoistua
gettoistuminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                gettoistua
gettoistumista                          :Inf4:Par:                gettoistua
gettoistumaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    gettoistua
gettoistuva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             gettoistua
gettoistuttava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistuma                             :Cip:Age:                 gettoistua
gettoistumaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             gettoistua
gettoistunut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoistua
gettoistuttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         gettoistua
gettoudun                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          gettoutua
gettoudut                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutuu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoudumme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettoudutte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutuvat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettoudutaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoudu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoudu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoudu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoudu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoudu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoudu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
gettouduin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          gettoutua
gettouduit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutui                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettouduimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettouduitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutuivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
gettoutunen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          gettoutua
gettoutunet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutunee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoutunemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettoutunette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutunevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
gettoutuisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          gettoutua
gettoutuisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoutuisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettoutuisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutuisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
gettoudu                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutukoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoutukaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettoutukaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutukoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoudu                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutua                               :Inf1:                    gettoutua
gettoutuakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  gettoutua
gettoutuessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            gettoutua
gettouduttaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            gettoutua
gettoutuen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            gettoutua
gettoutumassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            gettoutua
gettoutumasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            gettoutua
gettoutumaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            gettoutua
gettoutumalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            gettoutua
gettoutumatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            gettoutua
gettoutuman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            gettoutua
gettouduttaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            gettoutua
gettoutuminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                gettoutua
gettoutumista                           :Inf4:Par:                gettoutua
gettoutumaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    gettoutua
gettoutuva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             gettoutua
gettouduttava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutuma                              :Cip:Age:                 gettoutua
gettoutumaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             gettoutua
gettoutunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettoutuneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gettoutua
gettouduttu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         gettoutua
geysii                                  :S:Nom:                   geysir
geysiin                                 :S:Gen:                   geysir
geysiiä                                 :S:Par:                   geysir
geysiissä                               :S:Ine:                   geysir
geysiistä                               :S:Ela:                   geysir
geysiiin                                :S:Ill:                   geysir
geysiillä                               :S:Ade:                   geysir
geysiiltä                               :S:Abl:                   geysir
geysiille                               :S:All:                   geysir
geysiinä                                :S:Ess:                   geysir
geysiiksi                               :S:Tra:                   geysir
geysiittä                               :S:Abe:                   geysir
geysiit                                 :P:Nom:                   geysir
geysiien                                :P:Gen:                   geysir
geysiejä                                :P:Par:                   geysir
geysieissä                              :P:Ine:                   geysir
geysieistä                              :P:Ela:                   geysir
geysieihin                              :P:Ill:                   geysir
geysieillä                              :P:Ade:                   geysir
geysieiltä                              :P:Abl:                   geysir
geysieille                              :P:All:                   geysir
geysieinä                               :P:Ess:                   geysir
geysieiksi                              :P:Tra:                   geysir
geysiein                                :P:Ins:                   geysir
geysieittä                              :P:Abe:                   geysir
geysieine                               :P:Kom:                   geysir
ghetto                                  :S:Nom:                   ghetto
gheton                                  :S:Gen:                   ghetto
ghettoa                                 :S:Par:                   ghetto
ghetossa                                :S:Ine:                   ghetto
ghetosta                                :S:Ela:                   ghetto
ghettoon                                :S:Ill:                   ghetto
ghetolla                                :S:Ade:                   ghetto
ghetolta                                :S:Abl:                   ghetto
ghetolle                                :S:All:                   ghetto
ghettona                                :S:Ess:                   ghetto
ghetoksi                                :S:Tra:                   ghetto
ghetotta                                :S:Abe:                   ghetto
ghetot                                  :P:Nom:                   ghetto
ghettojen                               :P:Gen:                   ghetto
ghettoja                                :P:Par:                   ghetto
ghetoissa                               :P:Ine:                   ghetto
ghetoista                               :P:Ela:                   ghetto
ghettoihin                              :P:Ill:                   ghetto
ghetoilla                               :P:Ade:                   ghetto
ghetoilta                               :P:Abl:                   ghetto
ghetoille                               :P:All:                   ghetto
ghettoina                               :P:Ess:                   ghetto
ghetoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ghetto
ghetoin                                 :P:Ins:                   ghetto
ghetoitta                               :P:Abe:                   ghetto
ghettoine                               :P:Kom:                   ghetto
ghettoudun                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ghettoutua
ghettoudut                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoudumme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettoudutte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuvat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettoudutaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
ghettouduin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ghettoutua
ghettouduit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutui                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettouduitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
ghettoutunen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
ghettoutuisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
ghettoudu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutukoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoutukaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutukaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutukoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoudu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutua                              :Inf1:                    ghettoutua
ghettoutuakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ghettoutua
ghettoutuessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ghettoutua
ghettouduttaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ghettoutua
ghettoutuen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ghettoutua
ghettoutumassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ghettoutua
ghettoutumasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ghettoutua
ghettoutumaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ghettoutua
ghettoutumalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ghettoutua
ghettoutumatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ghettoutua
ghettoutuman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ghettoutua
ghettouduttaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ghettoutua
ghettoutuminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ghettoutua
ghettoutumista                          :Inf4:Par:                ghettoutua
ghettoutumaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    ghettoutua
ghettoutuva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ghettoutua
ghettouduttava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutuma                             :Cip:Age:                 ghettoutua
ghettoutumaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ghettoutua
ghettoutunut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettoutuneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ghettoutua
ghettouduttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ghettoutua
gibboni                                 :S:Nom:                   gibboni
gibbonin                                :S:Gen:                   gibboni
gibbonia                                :S:Par:                   gibboni
gibbonissa                              :S:Ine:                   gibboni
gibbonista                              :S:Ela:                   gibboni
gibboniin                               :S:Ill:                   gibboni
gibbonilla                              :S:Ade:                   gibboni
gibbonilta                              :S:Abl:                   gibboni
gibbonille                              :S:All:                   gibboni
gibbonina                               :S:Ess:                   gibboni
gibboniksi                              :S:Tra:                   gibboni
gibbonitta                              :S:Abe:                   gibboni
gibbonit                                :P:Nom:                   gibboni
gibbonien                               :P:Gen:                   gibboni
gibboneiden                             :P:Gen:                   gibboni
gibboneitten                            :P:Gen:                   gibboni
gibboneja                               :P:Par:                   gibboni
gibboneita                              :P:Par:                   gibboni
gibboneissa                             :P:Ine:                   gibboni
gibboneista                             :P:Ela:                   gibboni
gibboneihin                             :P:Ill:                   gibboni
gibboneilla                             :P:Ade:                   gibboni
gibboneilta                             :P:Abl:                   gibboni
gibboneille                             :P:All:                   gibboni
gibboneina                              :P:Ess:                   gibboni
gibboneiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gibboni
gibbonein                               :P:Ins:                   gibboni
gibboneitta                             :P:Abe:                   gibboni
gibboneine                              :P:Kom:                   gibboni
giganttinen                             :S:Nom:                   giganttinen
giganttisen                             :S:Gen:                   giganttinen
giganttista                             :S:Par:                   giganttinen
giganttisessa                           :S:Ine:                   giganttinen
giganttisesta                           :S:Ela:                   giganttinen
giganttiseen                            :S:Ill:                   giganttinen
giganttisella                           :S:Ade:                   giganttinen
giganttiselta                           :S:Abl:                   giganttinen
giganttiselle                           :S:All:                   giganttinen
giganttisena                            :S:Ess:                   giganttinen
giganttiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   giganttinen
giganttisetta                           :S:Abe:                   giganttinen
giganttiset                             :P:Nom:                   giganttinen
giganttisten                            :P:Gen:                   giganttinen
giganttisin                             :P:Gen:                   giganttinen
giganttisia                             :P:Par:                   giganttinen
giganttisissa                           :P:Ine:                   giganttinen
giganttisista                           :P:Ela:                   giganttinen
giganttisiin                            :P:Ill:                   giganttinen
giganttisilla                           :P:Ade:                   giganttinen
giganttisilta                           :P:Abl:                   giganttinen
giganttisille                           :P:All:                   giganttinen
giganttisina                            :P:Ess:                   giganttinen
giganttisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   giganttinen
giganttisin                             :P:Ins:                   giganttinen
giganttisitta                           :P:Abe:                   giganttinen
giganttisine                            :P:Kom:                   giganttinen
giganttisuus                            :S:Nom:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuutta                          :S:Par:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuudelle                        :S:All:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksille                       :P:All:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   giganttisuus
giganttisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   giganttisuus
gigawatti                               :S:Nom:                   gigawatti
gigawatin                               :S:Gen:                   gigawatti
giga-wattia                             :S:Par:                   gigawatti
giga-watissa                            :S:Ine:                   gigawatti
giga-watista                            :S:Ela:                   gigawatti
gigawattiin                             :S:Ill:                   gigawatti
giga-watilla                            :S:Ade:                   gigawatti
giga-watilta                            :S:Abl:                   gigawatti
gigawatille                             :S:All:                   gigawatti
giga-wattina                            :S:Ess:                   gigawatti
gigawatiksi                             :S:Tra:                   gigawatti
giga-watitta                            :S:Abe:                   gigawatti
gigawatit                               :P:Nom:                   gigawatti
gigawattien                             :P:Gen:                   gigawatti
giga-watteja                            :P:Par:                   gigawatti
giga-wateissa                           :P:Ine:                   gigawatti
giga-wateista                           :P:Ela:                   gigawatti
gigawatteihin                           :P:Ill:                   gigawatti
giga-wateilla                           :P:Ade:                   gigawatti
giga-wateilta                           :P:Abl:                   gigawatti
gigawateille                            :P:All:                   gigawatti
giga-watteina                           :P:Ess:                   gigawatti
gigawateiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gigawatti
gigawatein                              :P:Ins:                   gigawatti
giga-wateitta                           :P:Abe:                   gigawatti
gigawatteine                            :P:Kom:                   gigawatti
gigolo                                  :S:Nom:                   gigolo
gigolon                                 :S:Gen:                   gigolo
gigoloa                                 :S:Par:                   gigolo
gigolossa                               :S:Ine:                   gigolo
gigolosta                               :S:Ela:                   gigolo
gigoloon                                :S:Ill:                   gigolo
gigololla                               :S:Ade:                   gigolo
gigololta                               :S:Abl:                   gigolo
gigololle                               :S:All:                   gigolo
gigolona                                :S:Ess:                   gigolo
gigoloksi                               :S:Tra:                   gigolo
gigolotta                               :S:Abe:                   gigolo
gigolot                                 :P:Nom:                   gigolo
gigolojen                               :P:Gen:                   gigolo
gigoloiden                              :P:Gen:                   gigolo
gigoloitten                             :P:Gen:                   gigolo
gigoloja                                :P:Par:                   gigolo
gigoloita                               :P:Par:                   gigolo
gigoloissa                              :P:Ine:                   gigolo
gigoloista                              :P:Ela:                   gigolo
gigoloihin                              :P:Ill:                   gigolo
gigoloilla                              :P:Ade:                   gigolo
gigoloilta                              :P:Abl:                   gigolo
gigoloille                              :P:All:                   gigolo
gigoloina                               :P:Ess:                   gigolo
gigoloiksi                              :P:Tra:                   gigolo
gigoloin                                :P:Ins:                   gigolo
gigoloitta                              :P:Abe:                   gigolo
gigoloine                               :P:Kom:                   gigolo
giljotiini                              :S:Nom:                   giljotiini
giljotiinin                             :S:Gen:                   giljotiini
giljotiinia                             :S:Par:                   giljotiini
giljotiinissa                           :S:Ine:                   giljotiini
giljotiinista                           :S:Ela:                   giljotiini
giljotiiniin                            :S:Ill:                   giljotiini
giljotiinilla                           :S:Ade:                   giljotiini
giljotiinilta                           :S:Abl:                   giljotiini
giljotiinille                           :S:All:                   giljotiini
giljotiinina                            :S:Ess:                   giljotiini
giljotiiniksi                           :S:Tra:                   giljotiini
giljotiinitta                           :S:Abe:                   giljotiini
giljotiinit                             :P:Nom:                   giljotiini
giljotiinien                            :P:Gen:                   giljotiini
giljotiineja                            :P:Par:                   giljotiini
giljotiineissa                          :P:Ine:                   giljotiini
giljotiineista                          :P:Ela:                   giljotiini
giljotiineihin                          :P:Ill:                   giljotiini
giljotiineilla                          :P:Ade:                   giljotiini
giljotiineilta                          :P:Abl:                   giljotiini
giljotiineille                          :P:All:                   giljotiini
giljotiineina                           :P:Ess:                   giljotiini
giljotiineiksi                          :P:Tra:                   giljotiini
giljotiinein                            :P:Ins:                   giljotiini
giljotiineitta                          :P:Abe:                   giljotiini
giljotiineine                           :P:Kom:                   giljotiini
gimma                                   :S:Nom:                   gimma
gimman                                  :S:Gen:                   gimma
gimmaa                                  :S:Par:                   gimma
gimmassa                                :S:Ine:                   gimma
gimmasta                                :S:Ela:                   gimma
gimmaan                                 :S:Ill:                   gimma
gimmalla                                :S:Ade:                   gimma
gimmalta                                :S:Abl:                   gimma
gimmalle                                :S:All:                   gimma
gimmana                                 :S:Ess:                   gimma
gimmaksi                                :S:Tra:                   gimma
gimmatta                                :S:Abe:                   gimma
gimmat                                  :P:Nom:                   gimma
gimmojen                                :P:Gen:                   gimma
gimmain                                 :P:Gen:                   gimma
gimmoja                                 :P:Par:                   gimma
gimmoissa                               :P:Ine:                   gimma
gimmoista                               :P:Ela:                   gimma
gimmoihin                               :P:Ill:                   gimma
gimmoilla                               :P:Ade:                   gimma
gimmoilta                               :P:Abl:                   gimma
gimmoille                               :P:All:                   gimma
gimmoina                                :P:Ess:                   gimma
gimmoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gimma
gimmoin                                 :P:Ins:                   gimma
gimmoitta                               :P:Abe:                   gimma
gimmoine                                :P:Kom:                   gimma
ginger ale                              :S:Nom:                   ginger ale
ginger alen                             :S:Gen:                   ginger ale
ginger alea                             :S:Par:                   ginger ale
ginger alessa                           :S:Ine:                   ginger ale
ginger alesta                           :S:Ela:                   ginger ale
ginger aleen                            :S:Ill:                   ginger ale
ginger alella                           :S:Ade:                   ginger ale
ginger alelta                           :S:Abl:                   ginger ale
ginger alelle                           :S:All:                   ginger ale
ginger alena                            :S:Ess:                   ginger ale
ginger aleksi                           :S:Tra:                   ginger ale
ginger aletta                           :S:Abe:                   ginger ale
ginger alet                             :P:Nom:                   ginger ale
ginger alejen                           :P:Gen:                   ginger ale
ginger alein                            :P:Gen:                   ginger ale
ginger aleja                            :P:Par:                   ginger ale
ginger aleissa                          :P:Ine:                   ginger ale
ginger aleista                          :P:Ela:                   ginger ale
ginger aleihin                          :P:Ill:                   ginger ale
ginger aleilla                          :P:Ade:                   ginger ale
ginger aleilta                          :P:Abl:                   ginger ale
ginger aleille                          :P:All:                   ginger ale
ginger aleina                           :P:Ess:                   ginger ale
ginger aleiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ginger ale
ginger alein                            :P:Ins:                   ginger ale
ginger aleitta                          :P:Abe:                   ginger ale
ginger aleine                           :P:Kom:                   ginger ale
gini                                    :S:Nom:                   gini
ginin                                   :S:Gen:                   gini
giniä                                   :S:Par:                   gini
ginissä                                 :S:Ine:                   gini
ginistä                                 :S:Ela:                   gini
giniin                                  :S:Ill:                   gini
ginillä                                 :S:Ade:                   gini
giniltä                                 :S:Abl:                   gini
ginille                                 :S:All:                   gini
gininä                                  :S:Ess:                   gini
giniksi                                 :S:Tra:                   gini
ginittä                                 :S:Abe:                   gini
ginit                                   :P:Nom:                   gini
ginien                                  :P:Gen:                   gini
ginejä                                  :P:Par:                   gini
gineissä                                :P:Ine:                   gini
gineistä                                :P:Ela:                   gini
gineihin                                :P:Ill:                   gini
gineillä                                :P:Ade:                   gini
gineiltä                                :P:Abl:                   gini
gineille                                :P:All:                   gini
gineinä                                 :P:Ess:                   gini
gineiksi                                :P:Tra:                   gini
ginein                                  :P:Ins:                   gini
gineittä                                :P:Abe:                   gini
gineine                                 :P:Kom:                   gini
ginsengjuuri                            :S:Nom:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuren                           :S:Gen:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurta                           :S:Par:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuressa                         :S:Ine:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuresta                         :S:Ela:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuureen                          :S:Ill:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurella                         :S:Ade:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurelta                         :S:Abl:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurelle                         :S:All:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurena                          :S:Ess:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuureksi                         :S:Tra:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuretta                         :S:Abe:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuret                           :P:Nom:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurten                          :P:Gen:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurien                          :P:Gen:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuria                           :P:Par:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurissa                         :P:Ine:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurista                         :P:Ela:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuriin                          :P:Ill:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurilla                         :P:Ade:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurilta                         :P:Abl:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurille                         :P:All:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurina                          :P:Ess:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuriksi                         :P:Tra:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurin                           :P:Ins:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuuritta                         :P:Abe:                   ginsengjuuri
ginsengjuurine                          :P:Kom:                   ginsengjuuri
gladiaattori                            :S:Nom:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorin                           :S:Gen:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoria                           :S:Par:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorissa                         :S:Ine:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorista                         :S:Ela:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoriin                          :S:Ill:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorilla                         :S:Ade:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorilta                         :S:Abl:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorille                         :S:All:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorina                          :S:Ess:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoriksi                         :S:Tra:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoritta                         :S:Abe:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorit                           :P:Nom:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorien                          :P:Gen:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreiden                        :P:Gen:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreitten                       :P:Gen:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreja                          :P:Par:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreita                         :P:Par:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreissa                        :P:Ine:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreista                        :P:Ela:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreihin                        :P:Ill:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreilla                        :P:Ade:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreilta                        :P:Abl:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreille                        :P:All:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreina                         :P:Ess:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattorein                          :P:Ins:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreitta                        :P:Abe:                   gladiaattori
gladiaattoreine                         :P:Kom:                   gladiaattori
gladiolus                               :S:Nom:                   gladiolus
gladioluksen                            :S:Gen:                   gladiolus
gladiolusta                             :S:Par:                   gladiolus
gladioluksessa                          :S:Ine:                   gladiolus
gladioluksesta                          :S:Ela:                   gladiolus
gladiolukseen                           :S:Ill:                   gladiolus
gladioluksella                          :S:Ade:                   gladiolus
gladiolukselta                          :S:Abl:                   gladiolus
gladiolukselle                          :S:All:                   gladiolus
gladioluksena                           :S:Ess:                   gladiolus
gladiolukseksi                          :S:Tra:                   gladiolus
gladioluksetta                          :S:Abe:                   gladiolus
gladiolukset                            :P:Nom:                   gladiolus
gladiolusten                            :P:Gen:                   gladiolus
gladioluksien                           :P:Gen:                   gladiolus
gladioluksia                            :P:Par:                   gladiolus
gladioluksissa                          :P:Ine:                   gladiolus
gladioluksista                          :P:Ela:                   gladiolus
gladioluksiin                           :P:Ill:                   gladiolus
gladioluksilla                          :P:Ade:                   gladiolus
gladioluksilta                          :P:Abl:                   gladiolus
gladioluksille                          :P:All:                   gladiolus
gladioluksina                           :P:Ess:                   gladiolus
gladioluksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gladiolus
gladioluksin                            :P:Ins:                   gladiolus
gladioluksitta                          :P:Abe:                   gladiolus
gladioluksine                           :P:Kom:                   gladiolus
glamoui                                 :S:Nom:                   glamour
glamouin                                :S:Gen:                   glamour
glamouia                                :S:Par:                   glamour
glamouissa                              :S:Ine:                   glamour
glamouista                              :S:Ela:                   glamour
glamouiin                               :S:Ill:                   glamour
glamouilla                              :S:Ade:                   glamour
glamouilta                              :S:Abl:                   glamour
glamouille                              :S:All:                   glamour
glamouina                               :S:Ess:                   glamour
glamouiksi                              :S:Tra:                   glamour
glamouitta                              :S:Abe:                   glamour
glamouit                                :P:Nom:                   glamour
glamouien                               :P:Gen:                   glamour
glamoueja                               :P:Par:                   glamour
glamoueissa                             :P:Ine:                   glamour
glamoueista                             :P:Ela:                   glamour
glamoueihin                             :P:Ill:                   glamour
glamoueilla                             :P:Ade:                   glamour
glamoueilta                             :P:Abl:                   glamour
glamoueille                             :P:All:                   glamour
glamoueina                              :P:Ess:                   glamour
glamoueiksi                             :P:Tra:                   glamour
glamouein                               :P:Ins:                   glamour
glamoueitta                             :P:Abe:                   glamour
glamoueine                              :P:Kom:                   glamour
glaseeraan                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          glaseerata
glaseeraat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseeraamme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseeraatte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseeraavat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerataan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerata                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseerasin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          glaseerata
glaseerasit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseerasi                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseerasimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseerasitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseerasivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseerannen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          glaseerata
glaseerannet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseerannee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseerannemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseerannette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseerannevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseeranne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseeraisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          glaseerata
glaseeraisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseeraisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseeraisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseeraisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseeraisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseeraisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeraisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseeratkoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseeratkaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseeratkaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseeratkoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseeraa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeratko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeratko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeratko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeratko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseerata                              :Inf1:                    glaseerata
glaseeratakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  glaseerata
glaseeratessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            glaseerata
glaseerattaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            glaseerata
glaseeraten                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            glaseerata
glaseeraamassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            glaseerata
glaseeraamasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            glaseerata
glaseeraamaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            glaseerata
glaseeraamalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            glaseerata
glaseeraamatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            glaseerata
glaseeraaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            glaseerata
glaseerattaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            glaseerata
glaseeraaminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                glaseerata
glaseeraamista                          :Inf4:Par:                glaseerata
glaseeraamaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    glaseerata
glaseeraava                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             glaseerata
glaseerattava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseeraama                             :Cip:Age:                 glaseerata
glaseeraamaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             glaseerata
glaseerannut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseeranneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      glaseerata
glaseerattu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         glaseerata
glaseeraus                              :S:Nom:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksen                           :S:Gen:                   glaseeraus
glaseerausta                            :S:Par:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksessa                         :S:Ine:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksesta                         :S:Ela:                   glaseeraus
glaseeraukseen                          :S:Ill:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksella                         :S:Ade:                   glaseeraus
glaseeraukselta                         :S:Abl:                   glaseeraus
glaseeraukselle                         :S:All:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksena                          :S:Ess:                   glaseeraus
glaseeraukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksetta                         :S:Abe:                   glaseeraus
glaseeraukset                           :P:Nom:                   glaseeraus
glaseerausten                           :P:Gen:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksien                          :P:Gen:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksia                           :P:Par:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksissa                         :P:Ine:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksista                         :P:Ela:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksiin                          :P:Ill:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksilla                         :P:Ade:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksilta                         :P:Abl:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksille                         :P:All:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksina                          :P:Ess:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksin                           :P:Ins:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksitta                         :P:Abe:                   glaseeraus
glaseerauksine                          :P:Kom:                   glaseeraus
glasiaalinen                            :S:Nom:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisen                            :S:Gen:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalista                            :S:Par:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisessa                          :S:Ine:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisesta                          :S:Ela:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaaliseen                           :S:Ill:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisella                          :S:Ade:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaaliselta                          :S:Abl:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaaliselle                          :S:All:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisena                           :S:Ess:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaaliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisetta                          :S:Abe:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaaliset                            :P:Nom:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisten                           :P:Gen:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisin                            :P:Gen:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisia                            :P:Par:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisissa                          :P:Ine:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisista                          :P:Ela:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisiin                           :P:Ill:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisilla                          :P:Ade:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisilta                          :P:Abl:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisille                          :P:All:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisina                           :P:Ess:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisin                            :P:Ins:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisitta                          :P:Abe:                   glasiaalinen
glasiaalisine                           :P:Kom:                   glasiaalinen
glasnosi                                :S:Nom:                   glasnost
glasnosin                               :S:Gen:                   glasnost
glasnosia                               :S:Par:                   glasnost
glasnosissa                             :S:Ine:                   glasnost
glasnosista                             :S:Ela:                   glasnost
glasnosiin                              :S:Ill:                   glasnost
glasnosilla                             :S:Ade:                   glasnost
glasnosilta                             :S:Abl:                   glasnost
glasnosille                             :S:All:                   glasnost
glasnosina                              :S:Ess:                   glasnost
glasnosiksi                             :S:Tra:                   glasnost
glasnositta                             :S:Abe:                   glasnost
glasnosit                               :P:Nom:                   glasnost
glasnosien                              :P:Gen:                   glasnost
glasnoseja                              :P:Par:                   glasnost
glasnoseissa                            :P:Ine:                   glasnost
glasnoseista                            :P:Ela:                   glasnost
glasnoseihin                            :P:Ill:                   glasnost
glasnoseilla                            :P:Ade:                   glasnost
glasnoseilta                            :P:Abl:                   glasnost
glasnoseille                            :P:All:                   glasnost
glasnoseina                             :P:Ess:                   glasnost
glasnoseiksi                            :P:Tra:                   glasnost
glasnosein                              :P:Ins:                   glasnost
glasnoseitta                            :P:Abe:                   glasnost
glasnoseine                             :P:Kom:                   glasnost
glaukooma                               :S:Nom:                   glaukooma
glaukooman                              :S:Gen:                   glaukooma
glaukoomaa                              :S:Par:                   glaukooma
glaukoomassa                            :S:Ine:                   glaukooma
glaukoomasta                            :S:Ela:                   glaukooma
glaukoomaan                             :S:Ill:                   glaukooma
glaukoomalla                            :S:Ade:                   glaukooma
glaukoomalta                            :S:Abl:                   glaukooma
glaukoomalle                            :S:All:                   glaukooma
glaukoomana                             :S:Ess:                   glaukooma
glaukoomaksi                            :S:Tra:                   glaukooma
glaukoomatta                            :S:Abe:                   glaukooma
glaukoomat                              :P:Nom:                   glaukooma
glaukoomien                             :P:Gen:                   glaukooma
glaukoomain                             :P:Gen:                   glaukooma
glaukoomia                              :P:Par:                   glaukooma
glaukoomissa                            :P:Ine:                   glaukooma
glaukoomista                            :P:Ela:                   glaukooma
glaukoomiin                             :P:Ill:                   glaukooma
glaukoomilla                            :P:Ade:                   glaukooma
glaukoomilta                            :P:Abl:                   glaukooma
glaukoomille                            :P:All:                   glaukooma
glaukoomina                             :P:Ess:                   glaukooma
glaukoomiksi                            :P:Tra:                   glaukooma
glaukoomin                              :P:Ins:                   glaukooma
glaukoomitta                            :P:Abe:                   glaukooma
glaukoomine                             :P:Kom:                   glaukooma
glencheci                               :S:Nom:                   glencheck
glenchecin                              :S:Gen:                   glencheck
glencheciä                              :S:Par:                   glencheck
glenchecissä                            :S:Ine:                   glencheck
glenchecistä                            :S:Ela:                   glencheck
glencheciin                             :S:Ill:                   glencheck
glenchecillä                            :S:Ade:                   glencheck
glencheciltä                            :S:Abl:                   glencheck
glenchecille                            :S:All:                   glencheck
glenchecinä                             :S:Ess:                   glencheck
glencheciksi                            :S:Tra:                   glencheck
glenchecittä                            :S:Abe:                   glencheck
glenchecit                              :P:Nom:                   glencheck
glenchecien                             :P:Gen:                   glencheck
glenchecejä                             :P:Par:                   glencheck
glencheceissä                           :P:Ine:                   glencheck
glencheceistä                           :P:Ela:                   glencheck
glencheceihin                           :P:Ill:                   glencheck
glencheceillä                           :P:Ade:                   glencheck
glencheceiltä                           :P:Abl:                   glencheck
glencheceille                           :P:All:                   glencheck
glencheceinä                            :P:Ess:                   glencheck
glencheceiksi                           :P:Tra:                   glencheck
glenchecein                             :P:Ins:                   glencheck
glencheceittä                           :P:Abe:                   glencheck
glencheceine                            :P:Kom:                   glencheck
globaali                                :S:Nom:                   globaali
globaalin                               :S:Gen:                   globaali
globaalia                               :S:Par:                   globaali
globaalissa                             :S:Ine:                   globaali
globaalista                             :S:Ela:                   globaali
globaaliin                              :S:Ill:                   globaali
globaalilla                             :S:Ade:                   globaali
globaalilta                             :S:Abl:                   globaali
globaalille                             :S:All:                   globaali
globaalina                              :S:Ess:                   globaali
globaaliksi                             :S:Tra:                   globaali
globaalitta                             :S:Abe:                   globaali
globaalit                               :P:Nom:                   globaali
globaalien                              :P:Gen:                   globaali
globaaleiden                            :P:Gen:                   globaali
globaaleitten                           :P:Gen:                   globaali
globaaleja                              :P:Par:                   globaali
globaaleita                             :P:Par:                   globaali
globaaleissa                            :P:Ine:                   globaali
globaaleista                            :P:Ela:                   globaali
globaaleihin                            :P:Ill:                   globaali
globaaleilla                            :P:Ade:                   globaali
globaaleilta                            :P:Abl:                   globaali
globaaleille                            :P:All:                   globaali
globaaleina                             :P:Ess:                   globaali
globaaleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   globaali
globaalein                              :P:Ins:                   globaali
globaaleitta                            :P:Abe:                   globaali
globaaleine                             :P:Kom:                   globaali
globaalinen                             :S:Nom:                   globaalinen
globaalisen                             :S:Gen:                   globaalinen
globaalista                             :S:Par:                   globaalinen
globaalisessa                           :S:Ine:                   globaalinen
globaalisesta                           :S:Ela:                   globaalinen
globaaliseen                            :S:Ill:                   globaalinen
globaalisella                           :S:Ade:                   globaalinen
globaaliselta                           :S:Abl:                   globaalinen
globaaliselle                           :S:All:                   globaalinen
globaalisena                            :S:Ess:                   globaalinen
globaaliseksi                           :S:Tra:                   globaalinen
globaalisetta                           :S:Abe:                   globaalinen
globaaliset                             :P:Nom:                   globaalinen
globaalisten                            :P:Gen:                   globaalinen
globaalisin                             :P:Gen:                   globaalinen
globaalisia                             :P:Par:                   globaalinen
globaalisissa                           :P:Ine:                   globaalinen
globaalisista                           :P:Ela:                   globaalinen
globaalisiin                            :P:Ill:                   globaalinen
globaalisilla                           :P:Ade:                   globaalinen
globaalisilta                           :P:Abl:                   globaalinen
globaalisille                           :P:All:                   globaalinen
globaalisina                            :P:Ess:                   globaalinen
globaalisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   globaalinen
globaalisin                             :P:Ins:                   globaalinen
globaalisitta                           :P:Abe:                   globaalinen
globaalisine                            :P:Kom:                   globaalinen
globaalistan                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          globaalistaa
globaalistat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalistaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistamme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistatte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistavat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistetaan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalisteta                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalistin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          globaalistaa
globaalistit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalisti                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalistanen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          globaalistaa
globaalistanet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalistanee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistanemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistanette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistanevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalistaisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          globaalistaa
globaalistaisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistaisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistaisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistaisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalista                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalistakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistakaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistakaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistakoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalista                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistaa                            :Inf1:                    globaalistaa
globaalistaakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  globaalistaa
globaalistaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            globaalistaa
globaalistettaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            globaalistaa
globaalistaen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            globaalistaa
globaalistamassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            globaalistaa
globaalistamasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            globaalistaa
globaalistamaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            globaalistaa
globaalistamalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            globaalistaa
globaalistamatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            globaalistaa
globaalistaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            globaalistaa
globaalistettaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            globaalistaa
globaalistaminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                globaalistaa
globaalistamista                        :Inf4:Par:                globaalistaa
globaalistamaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    globaalistaa
globaalistava                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             globaalistaa
globaalistettava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistama                           :Cip:Age:                 globaalistaa
globaalistamaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             globaalistaa
globaalistanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistaa
globaalistettu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         globaalistaa
globaalistun                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          globaalistua
globaalistut                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistuu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistumme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistutte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistuvat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistutaan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuta                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalistuin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          globaalistua
globaalistuit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistui                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistuimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistuitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistuivat                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalistunen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          globaalistua
globaalistunet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistunee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistunemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistunette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistunevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalistuisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          globaalistua
globaalistuisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistuisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistuisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistuisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalistu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistukoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistukaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistukaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistukoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistua                            :Inf1:                    globaalistua
globaalistuakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  globaalistua
globaalistuessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            globaalistua
globaalistuttaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            globaalistua
globaalistuen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            globaalistua
globaalistumassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            globaalistua
globaalistumasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            globaalistua
globaalistumaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            globaalistua
globaalistumalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            globaalistua
globaalistumatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            globaalistua
globaalistuman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            globaalistua
globaalistuttaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            globaalistua
globaalistuminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                globaalistua
globaalistumista                        :Inf4:Par:                globaalistua
globaalistumaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    globaalistua
globaalistuva                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             globaalistua
globaalistuttava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistuma                           :Cip:Age:                 globaalistua
globaalistumaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             globaalistua
globaalistunut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globaalistua
globaalistuttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         globaalistua
globaalisuus                            :S:Nom:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuutta                          :S:Par:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuudelle                        :S:All:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksille                       :P:All:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   globaalisuus
globaalisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   globaalisuus
globalisoidun                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          globalisoitua
globalisoidut                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoidumme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoidutte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituvat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoidutaan                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoidu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoidu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoidu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoidu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoidu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoidu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduta                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
globalisoiduin                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduit                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitui                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduimme                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduitte                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
globalisoitunen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttaneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttane                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
globalisoituisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          globalisoitua
globalisoituisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoituisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoituisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttaisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoituisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttaisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
globalisoidu                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitukoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoitukaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoitukaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitukoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttakoon                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoidu                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttako                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitua                           :Inf1:                    globalisoitua
globalisoituakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  globalisoitua
globalisoituessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            globalisoitua
globalisoiduttaessa                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            globalisoitua
globalisoituen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            globalisoitua
globalisoitumassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            globalisoitua
globalisoitumasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            globalisoitua
globalisoitumaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            globalisoitua
globalisoitumalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            globalisoitua
globalisoitumatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            globalisoitua
globalisoituman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            globalisoitua
globalisoiduttaman                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            globalisoitua
globalisoituminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                globalisoitua
globalisoitumista                       :Inf4:Par:                globalisoitua
globalisoitumaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    globalisoitua
globalisoituva                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             globalisoitua
globalisoiduttava                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoituma                          :Cip:Age:                 globalisoitua
globalisoitumaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Con:Per:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             globalisoitua
globalisoitunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoituneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      globalisoitua
globalisoiduttu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         globalisoitua
gloksinia                               :S:Nom:                   gloksinia
gloksinian                              :S:Gen:                   gloksinia
gloksiniaa                              :S:Par:                   gloksinia
gloksiniassa                            :S:Ine:                   gloksinia
gloksiniasta                            :S:Ela:                   gloksinia
gloksiniaan                             :S:Ill:                   gloksinia
gloksinialla                            :S:Ade:                   gloksinia
gloksinialta                            :S:Abl:                   gloksinia
gloksinialle                            :S:All:                   gloksinia
gloksiniana                             :S:Ess:                   gloksinia
gloksiniaksi                            :S:Tra:                   gloksinia
gloksiniatta                            :S:Abe:                   gloksinia
gloksiniat                              :P:Nom:                   gloksinia
gloksinioiden                           :P:Gen:                   gloksinia
gloksinioitten                          :P:Gen:                   gloksinia
gloksiniain                             :P:Gen:                   gloksinia
gloksinioita                            :P:Par:                   gloksinia
gloksinioissa                           :P:Ine:                   gloksinia
gloksinioista                           :P:Ela:                   gloksinia
gloksinioihin                           :P:Ill:                   gloksinia
gloksinioilla                           :P:Ade:                   gloksinia
gloksinioilta                           :P:Abl:                   gloksinia
gloksinioille                           :P:All:                   gloksinia
gloksinioina                            :P:Ess:                   gloksinia
gloksinioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gloksinia
gloksinioin                             :P:Ins:                   gloksinia
gloksinioitta                           :P:Abe:                   gloksinia
gloksinioine                            :P:Kom:                   gloksinia
glooria                                 :S:Nom:                   glooria
gloorian                                :S:Gen:                   glooria
glooriaa                                :S:Par:                   glooria
glooriassa                              :S:Ine:                   glooria
glooriasta                              :S:Ela:                   glooria
glooriaan                               :S:Ill:                   glooria
gloorialla                              :S:Ade:                   glooria
gloorialta                              :S:Abl:                   glooria
gloorialle                              :S:All:                   glooria
glooriana                               :S:Ess:                   glooria
glooriaksi                              :S:Tra:                   glooria
glooriatta                              :S:Abe:                   glooria
glooriat                                :P:Nom:                   glooria
gloorioiden                             :P:Gen:                   glooria
gloorioitten                            :P:Gen:                   glooria
glooriain                               :P:Gen:                   glooria
gloorioita                              :P:Par:                   glooria
gloorioissa                             :P:Ine:                   glooria
gloorioista                             :P:Ela:                   glooria
gloorioihin                             :P:Ill:                   glooria
gloorioilla                             :P:Ade:                   glooria
gloorioilta                             :P:Abl:                   glooria
gloorioille                             :P:All:                   glooria
gloorioina                              :P:Ess:                   glooria
gloorioiksi                             :P:Tra:                   glooria
gloorioin                               :P:Ins:                   glooria
gloorioitta                             :P:Abe:                   glooria
gloorioine                              :P:Kom:                   glooria
gloria                                  :S:Nom:                   gloria
glorian                                 :S:Gen:                   gloria
gloriaa                                 :S:Par:                   gloria
gloriassa                               :S:Ine:                   gloria
gloriasta                               :S:Ela:                   gloria
gloriaan                                :S:Ill:                   gloria
glorialla                               :S:Ade:                   gloria
glorialta                               :S:Abl:                   gloria
glorialle                               :S:All:                   gloria
gloriana                                :S:Ess:                   gloria
gloriaksi                               :S:Tra:                   gloria
gloriatta                               :S:Abe:                   gloria
gloriat                                 :P:Nom:                   gloria
glorioiden                              :P:Gen:                   gloria
glorioitten                             :P:Gen:                   gloria
gloriain                                :P:Gen:                   gloria
glorioita                               :P:Par:                   gloria
glorioissa                              :P:Ine:                   gloria
glorioista                              :P:Ela:                   gloria
glorioihin                              :P:Ill:                   gloria
glorioilla                              :P:Ade:                   gloria
glorioilta                              :P:Abl:                   gloria
glorioille                              :P:All:                   gloria
glorioina                               :P:Ess:                   gloria
glorioiksi                              :P:Tra:                   gloria
glorioin                                :P:Ins:                   gloria
glorioitta                              :P:Abe:                   gloria
glorioine                               :P:Kom:                   gloria
glukoosi                                :S:Nom:                   glukoosi
glukoosin                               :S:Gen:                   glukoosi
glukoosia                               :S:Par:                   glukoosi
glukoosissa                             :S:Ine:                   glukoosi
glukoosista                             :S:Ela:                   glukoosi
glukoosiin                              :S:Ill:                   glukoosi
glukoosilla                             :S:Ade:                   glukoosi
glukoosilta                             :S:Abl:                   glukoosi
glukoosille                             :S:All:                   glukoosi
glukoosina                              :S:Ess:                   glukoosi
glukoosiksi                             :S:Tra:                   glukoosi
glukoositta                             :S:Abe:                   glukoosi
glukoosit                               :P:Nom:                   glukoosi
glukoosien                              :P:Gen:                   glukoosi
glukooseiden                            :P:Gen:                   glukoosi
glukooseitten                           :P:Gen:                   glukoosi
glukooseja                              :P:Par:                   glukoosi
glukooseita                             :P:Par:                   glukoosi
glukooseissa                            :P:Ine:                   glukoosi
glukooseista                            :P:Ela:                   glukoosi
glukooseihin                            :P:Ill:                   glukoosi
glukooseilla                            :P:Ade:                   glukoosi
glukooseilta                            :P:Abl:                   glukoosi
glukooseille                            :P:All:                   glukoosi
glukooseina                             :P:Ess:                   glukoosi
glukooseiksi                            :P:Tra:                   glukoosi
glukoosein                              :P:Ins:                   glukoosi
glukooseitta                            :P:Abe:                   glukoosi
glukooseine                             :P:Kom:                   glukoosi
gluteeni                                :S:Nom:                   gluteeni
gluteenin                               :S:Gen:                   gluteeni
gluteenia                               :S:Par:                   gluteeni
gluteenissa                             :S:Ine:                   gluteeni
gluteenista                             :S:Ela:                   gluteeni
gluteeniin                              :S:Ill:                   gluteeni
gluteenilla                             :S:Ade:                   gluteeni
gluteenilta                             :S:Abl:                   gluteeni
gluteenille                             :S:All:                   gluteeni
gluteenina                              :S:Ess:                   gluteeni
gluteeniksi                             :S:Tra:                   gluteeni
gluteenitta                             :S:Abe:                   gluteeni
gluteenit                               :P:Nom:                   gluteeni
gluteenien                              :P:Gen:                   gluteeni
gluteeneja                              :P:Par:                   gluteeni
gluteeneissa                            :P:Ine:                   gluteeni
gluteeneista                            :P:Ela:                   gluteeni
gluteeneihin                            :P:Ill:                   gluteeni
gluteeneilla                            :P:Ade:                   gluteeni
gluteeneilta                            :P:Abl:                   gluteeni
gluteeneille                            :P:All:                   gluteeni
gluteeneina                             :P:Ess:                   gluteeni
gluteeneiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gluteeni
gluteenein                              :P:Ins:                   gluteeni
gluteeneitta                            :P:Abe:                   gluteeni
gluteeneine                             :P:Kom:                   gluteeni
gluteeniton                             :S:Nom:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittoman                          :S:Gen:                   gluteeniton
gluteenitonta                           :S:Par:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomassa                        :S:Ine:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomasta                        :S:Ela:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomaan                         :S:Ill:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomalla                        :S:Ade:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomalta                        :S:Abl:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomalle                        :S:All:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomana                         :S:Ess:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomaksi                        :S:Tra:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomatta                        :S:Abe:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomat                          :P:Nom:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomien                         :P:Gen:                   gluteeniton
gluteenitonten                          :P:Gen:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomia                          :P:Par:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomissa                        :P:Ine:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomista                        :P:Ela:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomiin                         :P:Ill:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomilla                        :P:Ade:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomilta                        :P:Abl:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomille                        :P:All:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomina                         :P:Ess:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomin                          :P:Ins:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomitta                        :P:Abe:                   gluteeniton
gluteenittomine                         :P:Kom:                   gluteeniton
glyseriini                              :S:Nom:                   glyseriini
glyseriinin                             :S:Gen:                   glyseriini
glyseriiniä                             :S:Par:                   glyseriini
glyseriinissä                           :S:Ine:                   glyseriini
glyseriinistä                           :S:Ela:                   glyseriini
glyseriiniin                            :S:Ill:                   glyseriini
glyseriinillä                           :S:Ade:                   glyseriini
glyseriiniltä                           :S:Abl:                   glyseriini
glyseriinille                           :S:All:                   glyseriini
glyseriininä                            :S:Ess:                   glyseriini
glyseriiniksi                           :S:Tra:                   glyseriini
glyseriinittä                           :S:Abe:                   glyseriini
glyseriinit                             :P:Nom:                   glyseriini
glyseriinien                            :P:Gen:                   glyseriini
glyseriinejä                            :P:Par:                   glyseriini
glyseriineissä                          :P:Ine:                   glyseriini
glyseriineistä                          :P:Ela:                   glyseriini
glyseriineihin                          :P:Ill:                   glyseriini
glyseriineillä                          :P:Ade:                   glyseriini
glyseriineiltä                          :P:Abl:                   glyseriini
glyseriineille                          :P:All:                   glyseriini
glyseriineinä                           :P:Ess:                   glyseriini
glyseriineiksi                          :P:Tra:                   glyseriini
glyseriinein                            :P:Ins:                   glyseriini
glyseriineittä                          :P:Abe:                   glyseriini
glyseriineine                           :P:Kom:                   glyseriini
glyseroli                               :S:Nom:                   glyseroli
glyserolin                              :S:Gen:                   glyseroli
glyserolia                              :S:Par:                   glyseroli
glyserolissa                            :S:Ine:                   glyseroli
glyserolista                            :S:Ela:                   glyseroli
glyseroliin                             :S:Ill:                   glyseroli
glyserolilla                            :S:Ade:                   glyseroli
glyserolilta                            :S:Abl:                   glyseroli
glyserolille                            :S:All:                   glyseroli
glyserolina                             :S:Ess:                   glyseroli
glyseroliksi                            :S:Tra:                   glyseroli
glyserolitta                            :S:Abe:                   glyseroli
glyserolit                              :P:Nom:                   glyseroli
glyserolien                             :P:Gen:                   glyseroli
glyseroleja                             :P:Par:                   glyseroli
glyseroleissa                           :P:Ine:                   glyseroli
glyseroleista                           :P:Ela:                   glyseroli
glyseroleihin                           :P:Ill:                   glyseroli
glyseroleilla                           :P:Ade:                   glyseroli
glyseroleilta                           :P:Abl:                   glyseroli
glyseroleille                           :P:All:                   glyseroli
glyseroleina                            :P:Ess:                   glyseroli
glyseroleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   glyseroli
glyserolein                             :P:Ins:                   glyseroli
glyseroleitta                           :P:Abe:                   glyseroli
glyseroleine                            :P:Kom:                   glyseroli
glögi                                   :S:Nom:                   glögi
glögin                                  :S:Gen:                   glögi
glögiä                                  :S:Par:                   glögi
glögissä                                :S:Ine:                   glögi
glögistä                                :S:Ela:                   glögi
glögiin                                 :S:Ill:                   glögi
glögillä                                :S:Ade:                   glögi
glögiltä                                :S:Abl:                   glögi
glögille                                :S:All:                   glögi
glöginä                                 :S:Ess:                   glögi
glögiksi                                :S:Tra:                   glögi
glögittä                                :S:Abe:                   glögi
glögit                                  :P:Nom:                   glögi
glögien                                 :P:Gen:                   glögi
glögejä                                 :P:Par:                   glögi
glögeissä                               :P:Ine:                   glögi
glögeistä                               :P:Ela:                   glögi
glögeihin                               :P:Ill:                   glögi
glögeillä                               :P:Ade:                   glögi
glögeiltä                               :P:Abl:                   glögi
glögeille                               :P:All:                   glögi
glögeinä                                :P:Ess:                   glögi
glögeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   glögi
glögein                                 :P:Ins:                   glögi
glögeittä                               :P:Abe:                   glögi
glögeine                                :P:Kom:                   glögi
glögijuhla                              :S:Nom:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlan                             :S:Gen:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlaa                             :S:Par:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlassa                           :S:Ine:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlasta                           :S:Ela:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlaan                            :S:Ill:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlalla                           :S:Ade:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlalta                           :S:Abl:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlalle                           :S:All:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlana                            :S:Ess:                   glögijuhla
glögi-juhlaksi                          :S:Tra:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlatta                           :S:Abe:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlat                             :P:Nom:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlien                            :P:Gen:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlain                            :P:Gen:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlia                             :P:Par:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlissa                           :P:Ine:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlista                           :P:Ela:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhliin                            :P:Ill:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlilla                           :P:Ade:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlilta                           :P:Abl:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlille                           :P:All:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlina                            :P:Ess:                   glögijuhla
glögi-juhliksi                          :P:Tra:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlin                             :P:Ins:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhlitta                           :P:Abe:                   glögijuhla
glögijuhline                            :P:Kom:                   glögijuhla
glögitilaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   glögitilaisuus
glögi-tilaisuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   glögitilaisuus
glögi-tilaisuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   glögitilaisuus
glögitilaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   glögitilaisuus
gneissi                                 :S:Nom:                   gneissi
gneissin                                :S:Gen:                   gneissi
gneissiä                                :S:Par:                   gneissi
gneississä                              :S:Ine:                   gneissi
gneissistä                              :S:Ela:                   gneissi
gneissiin                               :S:Ill:                   gneissi
gneissillä                              :S:Ade:                   gneissi
gneissiltä                              :S:Abl:                   gneissi
gneissille                              :S:All:                   gneissi
gneissinä                               :S:Ess:                   gneissi
gneissiksi                              :S:Tra:                   gneissi
gneissittä                              :S:Abe:                   gneissi
gneissit                                :P:Nom:                   gneissi
gneissien                               :P:Gen:                   gneissi
gneissejä                               :P:Par:                   gneissi
gneisseissä                             :P:Ine:                   gneissi
gneisseistä                             :P:Ela:                   gneissi
gneisseihin                             :P:Ill:                   gneissi
gneisseillä                             :P:Ade:                   gneissi
gneisseiltä                             :P:Abl:                   gneissi
gneisseille                             :P:All:                   gneissi
gneisseinä                              :P:Ess:                   gneissi
gneisseiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gneissi
gneissein                               :P:Ins:                   gneissi
gneisseittä                             :P:Abe:                   gneissi
gneisseine                              :P:Kom:                   gneissi
gneissi-graniitti                       :S:Nom:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitin                        :S:Gen:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniittia                       :S:Par:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitissa                      :S:Ine:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitista                      :S:Ela:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniittiin                      :S:Ill:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitilla                      :S:Ade:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitilta                      :S:Abl:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitille                      :S:All:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniittina                      :S:Ess:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissi-graniitiksi                     :S:Tra:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniititta                      :S:Abe:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitit                        :P:Nom:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniittien                      :P:Gen:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitteja                      :P:Par:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniiteissa                     :P:Ine:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniiteista                     :P:Ela:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitteihin                    :P:Ill:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniiteilla                     :P:Ade:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniiteilta                     :P:Abl:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniiteille                     :P:All:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitteina                     :P:Ess:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissi-graniiteiksi                    :P:Tra:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitein                       :P:Ins:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniiteitta                     :P:Abe:                   gneissigraniitti
gneissigraniitteine                     :P:Kom:                   gneissigraniitti
gnostikko                               :S:Nom:                   gnostikko
gnostikon                               :S:Gen:                   gnostikko
gnostikkoa                              :S:Par:                   gnostikko
gnostikossa                             :S:Ine:                   gnostikko
gnostikosta                             :S:Ela:                   gnostikko
gnostikkoon                             :S:Ill:                   gnostikko
gnostikolla                             :S:Ade:                   gnostikko
gnostikolta                             :S:Abl:                   gnostikko
gnostikolle                             :S:All:                   gnostikko
gnostikkona                             :S:Ess:                   gnostikko
gnostikoksi                             :S:Tra:                   gnostikko
gnostikotta                             :S:Abe:                   gnostikko
gnostikot                               :P:Nom:                   gnostikko
gnostikkojen                            :P:Gen:                   gnostikko
gnostikoiden                            :P:Gen:                   gnostikko
gnostikoitten                           :P:Gen:                   gnostikko
gnostikkoja                             :P:Par:                   gnostikko
gnostikoita                             :P:Par:                   gnostikko
gnostikoissa                            :P:Ine:                   gnostikko
gnostikoista                            :P:Ela:                   gnostikko
gnostikkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   gnostikko
gnostikoihin                            :P:Ill:                   gnostikko
gnostikoilla                            :P:Ade:                   gnostikko
gnostikoilta                            :P:Abl:                   gnostikko
gnostikoille                            :P:All:                   gnostikko
gnostikkoina                            :P:Ess:                   gnostikko
gnostikoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gnostikko
gnostikoin                              :P:Ins:                   gnostikko
gnostikoitta                            :P:Abe:                   gnostikko
gnostikoine                             :P:Kom:                   gnostikko
gnostilainen                            :S:Nom:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisen                            :S:Gen:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaista                            :S:Par:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisella                          :S:Ade:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaiselle                          :S:All:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisena                           :S:Ess:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaiset                            :P:Nom:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisten                           :P:Gen:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisin                            :P:Gen:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisia                            :P:Par:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisista                          :P:Ela:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisille                          :P:All:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisina                           :P:Ess:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisin                            :P:Ins:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisine                           :P:Kom:                   gnostilainen
gnostilaisuus                           :S:Nom:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuutta                         :S:Par:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuudelle                       :S:All:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksille                      :P:All:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostilaisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   gnostilaisuus
gnostisismi                             :S:Nom:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismin                            :S:Gen:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismia                            :S:Par:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismissa                          :S:Ine:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismista                          :S:Ela:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismiin                           :S:Ill:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismilla                          :S:Ade:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismilta                          :S:Abl:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismille                          :S:All:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismina                           :S:Ess:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismiksi                          :S:Tra:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismitta                          :S:Abe:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismit                            :P:Nom:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismien                           :P:Gen:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeja                           :P:Par:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeissa                         :P:Ine:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeista                         :P:Ela:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeihin                         :P:Ill:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeilla                         :P:Ade:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeilta                         :P:Abl:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeille                         :P:All:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeina                          :P:Ess:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismein                           :P:Ins:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeitta                         :P:Abe:                   gnostisismi
gnostisismeine                          :P:Kom:                   gnostisismi
gnostisistinen                          :S:Nom:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisen                          :S:Gen:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistista                          :S:Par:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisessa                        :S:Ine:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisesta                        :S:Ela:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistiseen                         :S:Ill:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisella                        :S:Ade:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistiselta                        :S:Abl:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistiselle                        :S:All:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisena                         :S:Ess:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisetta                        :S:Abe:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistiset                          :P:Nom:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisististen                         :P:Gen:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisin                          :P:Gen:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisia                          :P:Par:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisissa                        :P:Ine:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisista                        :P:Ela:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisiin                         :P:Ill:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisilla                        :P:Ade:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisilta                        :P:Abl:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisille                        :P:All:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisina                         :P:Ess:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisin                          :P:Ins:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisitta                        :P:Abe:                   gnostisistinen
gnostisistisine                         :P:Kom:                   gnostisistinen
gnua                                    :S:Nom:                   gnuu
gnuan                                   :S:Gen:                   gnuu
gnuata                                  :S:Par:                   gnuu
gnuassa                                 :S:Ine:                   gnuu
gnuasta                                 :S:Ela:                   gnuu
gnuuhun                                 :S:Ill:                   gnuu
gnualla                                 :S:Ade:                   gnuu
gnualta                                 :S:Abl:                   gnuu
gnualle                                 :S:All:                   gnuu
gnuana                                  :S:Ess:                   gnuu
gnuaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   gnuu
gnuatta                                 :S:Abe:                   gnuu
gnuat                                   :P:Nom:                   gnuu
gnuiden                                 :P:Gen:                   gnuu
gnuitten                                :P:Gen:                   gnuu
gnuita                                  :P:Par:                   gnuu
gnuissa                                 :P:Ine:                   gnuu
gnuista                                 :P:Ela:                   gnuu
gnuihin                                 :P:Ill:                   gnuu
gnuilla                                 :P:Ade:                   gnuu
gnuilta                                 :P:Abl:                   gnuu
gnuille                                 :P:All:                   gnuu
gnuina                                  :P:Ess:                   gnuu
gnuiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   gnuu
gnuin                                   :P:Ins:                   gnuu
gnuitta                                 :P:Abe:                   gnuu
gnuine                                  :P:Kom:                   gnuu
gobeliini                               :S:Nom:                   gobeliini
gobeliinin                              :S:Gen:                   gobeliini
gobeliinia                              :S:Par:                   gobeliini
gobeliinissa                            :S:Ine:                   gobeliini
gobeliinista                            :S:Ela:                   gobeliini
gobeliiniin                             :S:Ill:                   gobeliini
gobeliinilla                            :S:Ade:                   gobeliini
gobeliinilta                            :S:Abl:                   gobeliini
gobeliinille                            :S:All:                   gobeliini
gobeliinina                             :S:Ess:                   gobeliini
gobeliiniksi                            :S:Tra:                   gobeliini
gobeliinitta                            :S:Abe:                   gobeliini
gobeliinit                              :P:Nom:                   gobeliini
gobeliinien                             :P:Gen:                   gobeliini
gobeliineja                             :P:Par:                   gobeliini
gobeliineissa                           :P:Ine:                   gobeliini
gobeliineista                           :P:Ela:                   gobeliini
gobeliineihin                           :P:Ill:                   gobeliini
gobeliineilla                           :P:Ade:                   gobeliini
gobeliineilta                           :P:Abl:                   gobeliini
gobeliineille                           :P:All:                   gobeliini
gobeliineina                            :P:Ess:                   gobeliini
gobeliineiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gobeliini
gobeliinein                             :P:Ins:                   gobeliini
gobeliineitta                           :P:Abe:                   gobeliini
gobeliineine                            :P:Kom:                   gobeliini
go-ga                                   :S:Nom:                   go-go
go-gan                                  :S:Gen:                   go-go
go-gata                                 :S:Par:                   go-go
go-gassa                                :S:Ine:                   go-go
go-gasta                                :S:Ela:                   go-go
go-gohon                                :S:Ill:                   go-go
go-galla                                :S:Ade:                   go-go
go-galta                                :S:Abl:                   go-go
go-galle                                :S:All:                   go-go
go-gana                                 :S:Ess:                   go-go
go-gaksi                                :S:Tra:                   go-go
go-gatta                                :S:Abe:                   go-go
go-gat                                  :P:Nom:                   go-go
go-giden                                :P:Gen:                   go-go
go-gitten                               :P:Gen:                   go-go
go-gita                                 :P:Par:                   go-go
go-gissa                                :P:Ine:                   go-go
go-gista                                :P:Ela:                   go-go
go-gihin                                :P:Ill:                   go-go
go-gilla                                :P:Ade:                   go-go
go-gilta                                :P:Abl:                   go-go
go-gille                                :P:All:                   go-go
go-gina                                 :P:Ess:                   go-go
go-giksi                                :P:Tra:                   go-go
go-gin                                  :P:Ins:                   go-go
go-gitta                                :P:Abe:                   go-go
go-gine                                 :P:Kom:                   go-go
go-gotyttö                              :S:Nom:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytön                              :S:Gen:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotyttöä                             :S:Par:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytössä                            :S:Ine:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöstä                            :S:Ela:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotyttöön                            :S:Ill:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöllä                            :S:Ade:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöltä                            :S:Abl:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytölle                            :S:All:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotyttönä                            :S:Ess:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöksi                            :S:Tra:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöttä                            :S:Abe:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöt                              :P:Nom:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotyttöjen                           :P:Gen:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotyttöjä                            :P:Par:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöissä                           :P:Ine:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöistä                           :P:Ela:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotyttöihin                          :P:Ill:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöillä                           :P:Ade:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöiltä                           :P:Abl:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöille                           :P:All:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotyttöinä                           :P:Ess:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöiksi                           :P:Tra:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöin                             :P:Ins:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotytöittä                           :P:Abe:                   go-go-tyttö
go-gotyttöine                           :P:Kom:                   go-go-tyttö
goli                                    :S:Nom:                   golf
golin                                   :S:Gen:                   golf
golia                                   :S:Par:                   golf
golissa                                 :S:Ine:                   golf
golista                                 :S:Ela:                   golf
goliin                                  :S:Ill:                   golf
golilla                                 :S:Ade:                   golf
golilta                                 :S:Abl:                   golf
golille                                 :S:All:                   golf
golina                                  :S:Ess:                   golf
goliksi                                 :S:Tra:                   golf
golitta                                 :S:Abe:                   golf
golit                                   :P:Nom:                   golf
golien                                  :P:Gen:                   golf
goleja                                  :P:Par:                   golf
goleissa                                :P:Ine:                   golf
goleista                                :P:Ela:                   golf
goleihin                                :P:Ill:                   golf
goleilla                                :P:Ade:                   golf
goleilta                                :P:Abl:                   golf
goleille                                :P:All:                   golf
goleina                                 :P:Ess:                   golf
goleiksi                                :P:Tra:                   golf
golein                                  :P:Ins:                   golf
goleitta                                :P:Abe:                   golf
goleine                                 :P:Kom:                   golf
golfaaja                                :S:Nom:                   golfaaja
golfaajan                               :S:Gen:                   golfaaja
golfaajaa                               :S:Par:                   golfaaja
golfaajassa                             :S:Ine:                   golfaaja
golfaajasta                             :S:Ela:                   golfaaja
golfaajaan                              :S:Ill:                   golfaaja
golfaajalla                             :S:Ade:                   golfaaja
golfaajalta                             :S:Abl:                   golfaaja
golfaajalle                             :S:All:                   golfaaja
golfaajana                              :S:Ess:                   golfaaja
golfaajaksi                             :S:Tra:                   golfaaja
golfaajatta                             :S:Abe:                   golfaaja
golfaajat                               :P:Nom:                   golfaaja
golfaajien                              :P:Gen:                   golfaaja
golfaajain                              :P:Gen:                   golfaaja
golfaajia                               :P:Par:                   golfaaja
golfaajissa                             :P:Ine:                   golfaaja
golfaajista                             :P:Ela:                   golfaaja
golfaajiin                              :P:Ill:                   golfaaja
golfaajilla                             :P:Ade:                   golfaaja
golfaajilta                             :P:Abl:                   golfaaja
golfaajille                             :P:All:                   golfaaja
golfaajina                              :P:Ess:                   golfaaja
golfaajiksi                             :P:Tra:                   golfaaja
golfaajin                               :P:Ins:                   golfaaja
golfaajitta                             :P:Abe:                   golfaaja
golfaajine                              :P:Kom:                   golfaaja
golfaan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          golfata
golfaat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfaamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfaatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfaavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfataan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             golfata
golfaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      golfata
golfaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfata                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golfasin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          golfata
golfasit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfasi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfasimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfasitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfasivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golfannen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          golfata
golfannet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfannee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfannemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfannette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfannevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             golfata
golfanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      golfata
golfanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfanne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golfaisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          golfata
golfaisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfaisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfaisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfaisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             golfata
golfaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      golfata
golfaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golfaa                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfatkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfatkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfatkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfatkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             golfata
golfaa                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfatko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfatko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfatko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfatko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             golfata
golfata                                 :Inf1:                    golfata
golfatakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  golfata
golfatessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            golfata
golfattaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            golfata
golfaten                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            golfata
golfaamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            golfata
golfaamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            golfata
golfaamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            golfata
golfaamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            golfata
golfaamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            golfata
golfaaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            golfata
golfattaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            golfata
golfaaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                golfata
golfaamista                             :Inf4:Par:                golfata
golfaamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    golfata
golfaava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             golfata
golfattava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             golfata
golfannut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             golfata
golfattu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             golfata
golfaama                                :Cip:Age:                 golfata
golfaamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golfannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          golfata
golfannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             golfata
golfannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golfannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          golfata
golfannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          golfata
golfannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             golfata
golfannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      golfata
golfannut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golfannut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          golfata
golfanneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          golfata
golfattu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             golfata
golfannut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      golfata
golfanneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      golfata
golfattu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         golfata
golffari                                :S:Nom:                   golffari
golffarin                               :S:Gen:                   golffari
golffaria                               :S:Par:                   golffari
golffarissa                             :S:Ine:                   golffari
golffarista                             :S:Ela:                   golffari
golffariin                              :S:Ill:                   golffari
golffarilla                             :S:Ade:                   golffari
golffarilta                             :S:Abl:                   golffari
golffarille                             :S:All:                   golffari
golffarina                              :S:Ess:                   golffari
golffariksi                             :S:Tra:                   golffari
golffaritta                             :S:Abe:                   golffari
golffarit                               :P:Nom:                   golffari
golffarien                              :P:Gen:                   golffari
golffareiden                            :P:Gen:                   golffari
golffareitten                           :P:Gen:                   golffari
golffareja                              :P:Par:                   golffari
golffareita                             :P:Par:                   golffari
golffareissa                            :P:Ine:                   golffari
golffareista                            :P:Ela:                   golffari
golffareihin                            :P:Ill:                   golffari
golffareilla                            :P:Ade:                   golffari
golffareilta                            :P:Abl:                   golffari
golffareille                            :P:All:                   golffari
golffareina                             :P:Ess:                   golffari
golffareiksi                            :P:Tra:                   golffari
golffarein                              :P:Ins:                   golffari
golffareitta                            :P:Abe:                   golffari
golffareine                             :P:Kom:                   golffari
golfhousu                               :S:Nom:                   golfhousut
golfhousun                              :S:Gen:                   golfhousut
golfhousua                              :S:Par:                   golfhousut
golfhousussa                            :S:Ine:                   golfhousut
golfhoususta                            :S:Ela:                   golfhousut
golfhousuun                             :S:Ill:                   golfhousut
golfhousulla                            :S:Ade:                   golfhousut
golfhousulta                            :S:Abl:                   golfhousut
golfhousulle                            :S:All:                   golfhousut
golfhousuna                             :S:Ess:                   golfhousut
golfhousuksi                            :S:Tra:                   golfhousut
golfhousutta                            :S:Abe:                   golfhousut
golfhousut                              :P:Nom:                   golfhousut
golfhousujen                            :P:Gen:                   golfhousut
golfhousuja                             :P:Par:                   golfhousut
golfhousuissa                           :P:Ine:                   golfhousut
golfhousuista                           :P:Ela:                   golfhousut
golfhousuihin                           :P:Ill:                   golfhousut
golfhousuilla                           :P:Ade:                   golfhousut
golfhousuilta                           :P:Abl:                   golfhousut
golfhousuille                           :P:All:                   golfhousut
golfhousuina                            :P:Ess:                   golfhousut
golfhousuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   golfhousut
golfhousuin                             :P:Ins:                   golfhousut
golfhousuitta                           :P:Abe:                   golfhousut
golfhousuine                            :P:Kom:                   golfhousut
golfinpelaaja                           :S:Nom:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajan                          :S:Gen:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajaa                          :S:Par:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajassa                        :S:Ine:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajasta                        :S:Ela:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajaan                         :S:Ill:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajalla                        :S:Ade:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajalta                        :S:Abl:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajalle                        :S:All:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajana                         :S:Ess:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajaksi                        :S:Tra:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajatta                        :S:Abe:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajat                          :P:Nom:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajien                         :P:Gen:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajain                         :P:Gen:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajia                          :P:Par:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajissa                        :P:Ine:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajista                        :P:Ela:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajiin                         :P:Ill:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajilla                        :P:Ade:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajilta                        :P:Abl:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajille                        :P:All:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajina                         :P:Ess:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajiksi                        :P:Tra:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajin                          :P:Ins:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajitta                        :P:Abe:                   golfinpelaaja
golfinpelaajine                         :P:Kom:                   golfinpelaaja
golfmaila                               :S:Nom:                   golfmaila
golfmailan                              :S:Gen:                   golfmaila
golfmailaa                              :S:Par:                   golfmaila
golfmailassa                            :S:Ine:                   golfmaila
golfmailasta                            :S:Ela:                   golfmaila
golfmailaan                             :S:Ill:                   golfmaila
golfmailalla                            :S:Ade:                   golfmaila
golfmailalta                            :S:Abl:                   golfmaila
golfmailalle                            :S:All:                   golfmaila
golfmailana                             :S:Ess:                   golfmaila
golfmailaksi                            :S:Tra:                   golfmaila
golfmailatta                            :S:Abe:                   golfmaila
golfmailat                              :P:Nom:                   golfmaila
golfmailojen                            :P:Gen:                   golfmaila
golfmailain                             :P:Gen:                   golfmaila
golfmailoja                             :P:Par:                   golfmaila
golfmailoissa                           :P:Ine:                   golfmaila
golfmailoista                           :P:Ela:                   golfmaila
golfmailoihin                           :P:Ill:                   golfmaila
golfmailoilla                           :P:Ade:                   golfmaila
golfmailoilta                           :P:Abl:                   golfmaila
golfmailoille                           :P:All:                   golfmaila
golfmailoina                            :P:Ess:                   golfmaila
golfmailoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   golfmaila
golfmailoin                             :P:Ins:                   golfmaila
golfmailoitta                           :P:Abe:                   golfmaila
golfmailoine                            :P:Kom:                   golfmaila
golfpallo                               :S:Nom:                   golfpallo
golfpallon                              :S:Gen:                   golfpallo
golfpalloa                              :S:Par:                   golfpallo
golfpallossa                            :S:Ine:                   golfpallo
golfpallosta                            :S:Ela:                   golfpallo
golfpalloon                             :S:Ill:                   golfpallo
golfpallolla                            :S:Ade:                   golfpallo
golfpallolta                            :S:Abl:                   golfpallo
golfpallolle                            :S:All:                   golfpallo
golfpallona                             :S:Ess:                   golfpallo
golfpalloksi                            :S:Tra:                   golfpallo
golfpallotta                            :S:Abe:                   golfpallo
golfpallot                              :P:Nom:                   golfpallo
golfpallojen                            :P:Gen:                   golfpallo
golfpalloja                             :P:Par:                   golfpallo
golfpalloissa                           :P:Ine:                   golfpallo
golfpalloista                           :P:Ela:                   golfpallo
golfpalloihin                           :P:Ill:                   golfpallo
golfpalloilla                           :P:Ade:                   golfpallo
golfpalloilta                           :P:Abl:                   golfpallo
golfpalloille                           :P:All:                   golfpallo
golfpalloina                            :P:Ess:                   golfpallo
golfpalloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   golfpallo
golfpalloin                             :P:Ins:                   golfpallo
golfpalloitta                           :P:Abe:                   golfpallo
golfpalloine                            :P:Kom:                   golfpallo
goljatti                                :S:Nom:                   goljatti
goljatin                                :S:Gen:                   goljatti
goljattia                               :S:Par:                   goljatti
goljatissa                              :S:Ine:                   goljatti
goljatista                              :S:Ela:                   goljatti
goljattiin                              :S:Ill:                   goljatti
goljatilla                              :S:Ade:                   goljatti
goljatilta                              :S:Abl:                   goljatti
goljatille                              :S:All:                   goljatti
goljattina                              :S:Ess:                   goljatti
goljatiksi                              :S:Tra:                   goljatti
goljatitta                              :S:Abe:                   goljatti
goljatit                                :P:Nom:                   goljatti
goljattien                              :P:Gen:                   goljatti
goljatteja                              :P:Par:                   goljatti
goljateissa                             :P:Ine:                   goljatti
goljateista                             :P:Ela:                   goljatti
goljatteihin                            :P:Ill:                   goljatti
goljateilla                             :P:Ade:                   goljatti
goljateilta                             :P:Abl:                   goljatti
goljateille                             :P:All:                   goljatti
goljatteina                             :P:Ess:                   goljatti
goljateiksi                             :P:Tra:                   goljatti
goljatein                               :P:Ins:                   goljatti
goljateitta                             :P:Abe:                   goljatti
goljatteine                             :P:Kom:                   goljatti
gondoli                                 :S:Nom:                   gondoli
gondolin                                :S:Gen:                   gondoli
gondolia                                :S:Par:                   gondoli
gondolissa                              :S:Ine:                   gondoli
gondolista                              :S:Ela:                   gondoli
gondoliin                               :S:Ill:                   gondoli
gondolilla                              :S:Ade:                   gondoli
gondolilta                              :S:Abl:                   gondoli
gondolille                              :S:All:                   gondoli
gondolina                               :S:Ess:                   gondoli
gondoliksi                              :S:Tra:                   gondoli
gondolitta                              :S:Abe:                   gondoli
gondolit                                :P:Nom:                   gondoli
gondolien                               :P:Gen:                   gondoli
gondoleiden                             :P:Gen:                   gondoli
gondoleitten                            :P:Gen:                   gondoli
gondoleja                               :P:Par:                   gondoli
gondoleita                              :P:Par:                   gondoli
gondoleissa                             :P:Ine:                   gondoli
gondoleista                             :P:Ela:                   gondoli
gondoleihin                             :P:Ill:                   gondoli
gondoleilla                             :P:Ade:                   gondoli
gondoleilta                             :P:Abl:                   gondoli
gondoleille                             :P:All:                   gondoli
gondoleina                              :P:Ess:                   gondoli
gondoleiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gondoli
gondolein                               :P:Ins:                   gondoli
gondoleitta                             :P:Abe:                   gondoli
gondoleine                              :P:Kom:                   gondoli
gondolieeri                             :S:Nom:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerin                            :S:Gen:                   gondolieeri
gondolieeria                            :S:Par:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerissa                          :S:Ine:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerista                          :S:Ela:                   gondolieeri
gondolieeriin                           :S:Ill:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerilla                          :S:Ade:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerilta                          :S:Abl:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerille                          :S:All:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerina                           :S:Ess:                   gondolieeri
gondolieeriksi                          :S:Tra:                   gondolieeri
gondolieeritta                          :S:Abe:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerit                            :P:Nom:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerien                           :P:Gen:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereja                           :P:Par:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereissa                         :P:Ine:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereista                         :P:Ela:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereihin                         :P:Ill:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereilla                         :P:Ade:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereilta                         :P:Abl:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereille                         :P:All:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereina                          :P:Ess:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gondolieeri
gondolieerein                           :P:Ins:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereitta                         :P:Abe:                   gondolieeri
gondolieereine                          :P:Kom:                   gondolieeri
gonggongi                               :S:Nom:                   gonggongi
gonggongin                              :S:Gen:                   gonggongi
gonggongia                              :S:Par:                   gonggongi
gonggongissa                            :S:Ine:                   gonggongi
gonggongista                            :S:Ela:                   gonggongi
gonggongiin                             :S:Ill:                   gonggongi
gonggongilla                            :S:Ade:                   gonggongi
gonggongilta                            :S:Abl:                   gonggongi
gonggongille                            :S:All:                   gonggongi
gonggongina                             :S:Ess:                   gonggongi
gonggongiksi                            :S:Tra:                   gonggongi
gonggongitta                            :S:Abe:                   gonggongi
gonggongit                              :P:Nom:                   gonggongi
gonggongien                             :P:Gen:                   gonggongi
gonggongeja                             :P:Par:                   gonggongi
gonggongeissa                           :P:Ine:                   gonggongi
gonggongeista                           :P:Ela:                   gonggongi
gonggongeihin                           :P:Ill:                   gonggongi
gonggongeilla                           :P:Ade:                   gonggongi
gonggongeilta                           :P:Abl:                   gonggongi
gonggongeille                           :P:All:                   gonggongi
gonggongeina                            :P:Ess:                   gonggongi
gonggongeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gonggongi
gonggongein                             :P:Ins:                   gonggongi
gonggongeitta                           :P:Abe:                   gonggongi
gonggongeine                            :P:Kom:                   gonggongi
gongi                                   :S:Nom:                   gongi
gongin                                  :S:Gen:                   gongi
gongia                                  :S:Par:                   gongi
gongissa                                :S:Ine:                   gongi
gongista                                :S:Ela:                   gongi
gongiin                                 :S:Ill:                   gongi
gongilla                                :S:Ade:                   gongi
gongilta                                :S:Abl:                   gongi
gongille                                :S:All:                   gongi
gongina                                 :S:Ess:                   gongi
gongiksi                                :S:Tra:                   gongi
gongitta                                :S:Abe:                   gongi
gongit                                  :P:Nom:                   gongi
gongien                                 :P:Gen:                   gongi
gongeja                                 :P:Par:                   gongi
gongeissa                               :P:Ine:                   gongi
gongeista                               :P:Ela:                   gongi
gongeihin                               :P:Ill:                   gongi
gongeilla                               :P:Ade:                   gongi
gongeilta                               :P:Abl:                   gongi
gongeille                               :P:All:                   gongi
gongeina                                :P:Ess:                   gongi
gongeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gongi
gongein                                 :P:Ins:                   gongi
gongeitta                               :P:Abe:                   gongi
gongeine                                :P:Kom:                   gongi
gonokokki                               :S:Nom:                   gonokokki
gonokokin                               :S:Gen:                   gonokokki
gonokokkia                              :S:Par:                   gonokokki
gonokokissa                             :S:Ine:                   gonokokki
gonokokista                             :S:Ela:                   gonokokki
gonokokkiin                             :S:Ill:                   gonokokki
gonokokilla                             :S:Ade:                   gonokokki
gonokokilta                             :S:Abl:                   gonokokki
gonokokille                             :S:All:                   gonokokki
gonokokkina                             :S:Ess:                   gonokokki
gonokokiksi                             :S:Tra:                   gonokokki
gonokokitta                             :S:Abe:                   gonokokki
gonokokit                               :P:Nom:                   gonokokki
gonokokkien                             :P:Gen:                   gonokokki
gonokokkeja                             :P:Par:                   gonokokki
gonokokeissa                            :P:Ine:                   gonokokki
gonokokeista                            :P:Ela:                   gonokokki
gonokokkeihin                           :P:Ill:                   gonokokki
gonokokeilla                            :P:Ade:                   gonokokki
gonokokeilta                            :P:Abl:                   gonokokki
gonokokeille                            :P:All:                   gonokokki
gonokokkeina                            :P:Ess:                   gonokokki
gonokokeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gonokokki
gonokokein                              :P:Ins:                   gonokokki
gonokokeitta                            :P:Abe:                   gonokokki
gonokokkeine                            :P:Kom:                   gonokokki
gonorrea                                :S:Nom:                   gonorrea
gonorrean                               :S:Gen:                   gonorrea
gonorreaa                               :S:Par:                   gonorrea
gonorreassa                             :S:Ine:                   gonorrea
gonorreasta                             :S:Ela:                   gonorrea
gonorreaan                              :S:Ill:                   gonorrea
gonorrealla                             :S:Ade:                   gonorrea
gonorrealta                             :S:Abl:                   gonorrea
gonorrealle                             :S:All:                   gonorrea
gonorreana                              :S:Ess:                   gonorrea
gonorreaksi                             :S:Tra:                   gonorrea
gonorreatta                             :S:Abe:                   gonorrea
gonorreat                               :P:Nom:                   gonorrea
gonorreoiden                            :P:Gen:                   gonorrea
gonorreoitten                           :P:Gen:                   gonorrea
gonorreain                              :P:Gen:                   gonorrea
gonorreoita                             :P:Par:                   gonorrea
gonorreoissa                            :P:Ine:                   gonorrea
gonorreoista                            :P:Ela:                   gonorrea
gonorreoihin                            :P:Ill:                   gonorrea
gonorreoilla                            :P:Ade:                   gonorrea
gonorreoilta                            :P:Abl:                   gonorrea
gonorreoille                            :P:All:                   gonorrea
gonorreoina                             :P:Ess:                   gonorrea
gonorreoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gonorrea
gonorreoin                              :P:Ins:                   gonorrea
gonorreoitta                            :P:Abe:                   gonorrea
gonorreoine                             :P:Kom:                   gonorrea
goodwili                                :S:Nom:                   goodwill
goodwilin                               :S:Gen:                   goodwill
goodwilia                               :S:Par:                   goodwill
goodwilissa                             :S:Ine:                   goodwill
goodwilista                             :S:Ela:                   goodwill
goodwiliin                              :S:Ill:                   goodwill
goodwililla                             :S:Ade:                   goodwill
goodwililta                             :S:Abl:                   goodwill
goodwilille                             :S:All:                   goodwill
goodwilina                              :S:Ess:                   goodwill
goodwiliksi                             :S:Tra:                   goodwill
goodwilitta                             :S:Abe:                   goodwill
goodwilit                               :P:Nom:                   goodwill
goodwilien                              :P:Gen:                   goodwill
goodwileja                              :P:Par:                   goodwill
goodwileissa                            :P:Ine:                   goodwill
goodwileista                            :P:Ela:                   goodwill
goodwileihin                            :P:Ill:                   goodwill
goodwileilla                            :P:Ade:                   goodwill
goodwileilta                            :P:Abl:                   goodwill
goodwileille                            :P:All:                   goodwill
goodwileina                             :P:Ess:                   goodwill
goodwileiksi                            :P:Tra:                   goodwill
goodwilein                              :P:Ins:                   goodwill
goodwileitta                            :P:Abe:                   goodwill
goodwileine                             :P:Kom:                   goodwill
gootti                                  :S:Nom:                   gootti
gootin                                  :S:Gen:                   gootti
goottia                                 :S:Par:                   gootti
gootissa                                :S:Ine:                   gootti
gootista                                :S:Ela:                   gootti
goottiin                                :S:Ill:                   gootti
gootilla                                :S:Ade:                   gootti
gootilta                                :S:Abl:                   gootti
gootille                                :S:All:                   gootti
goottina                                :S:Ess:                   gootti
gootiksi                                :S:Tra:                   gootti
gootitta                                :S:Abe:                   gootti
gootit                                  :P:Nom:                   gootti
goottien                                :P:Gen:                   gootti
gootteja                                :P:Par:                   gootti
gooteissa                               :P:Ine:                   gootti
gooteista                               :P:Ela:                   gootti
gootteihin                              :P:Ill:                   gootti
gooteilla                               :P:Ade:                   gootti
gooteilta                               :P:Abl:                   gootti
gooteille                               :P:All:                   gootti
gootteina                               :P:Ess:                   gootti
gooteiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gootti
gootein                                 :P:Ins:                   gootti
gooteitta                               :P:Abe:                   gootti
gootteine                               :P:Kom:                   gootti
goottilainen                            :S:Nom:                   goottilainen
goottilaisen                            :S:Gen:                   goottilainen
goottilaista                            :S:Par:                   goottilainen
goottilaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   goottilainen
goottilaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   goottilainen
goottilaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   goottilainen
goottilaisella                          :S:Ade:                   goottilainen
goottilaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   goottilainen
goottilaiselle                          :S:All:                   goottilainen
goottilaisena                           :S:Ess:                   goottilainen
goottilaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   goottilainen
goottilaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   goottilainen
goottilaiset                            :P:Nom:                   goottilainen
goottilaisten                           :P:Gen:                   goottilainen
goottilaisin                            :P:Gen:                   goottilainen
goottilaisia                            :P:Par:                   goottilainen
goottilaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   goottilainen
goottilaisista                          :P:Ela:                   goottilainen
goottilaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   goottilainen
goottilaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   goottilainen
goottilaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   goottilainen
goottilaisille                          :P:All:                   goottilainen
goottilaisina                           :P:Ess:                   goottilainen
goottilaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   goottilainen
goottilaisin                            :P:Ins:                   goottilainen
goottilaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   goottilainen
goottilaisine                           :P:Kom:                   goottilainen
goottilaisuus                           :S:Nom:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuutta                         :S:Par:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuudelle                       :S:All:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksille                      :P:All:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   goottilaisuus
goottilaisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   goottilaisuus
gorgonzola                              :S:Nom:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolan                             :S:Gen:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolaa                             :S:Par:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolassa                           :S:Ine:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolasta                           :S:Ela:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolaan                            :S:Ill:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolalla                           :S:Ade:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolalta                           :S:Abl:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolalle                           :S:All:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolana                            :S:Ess:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolaksi                           :S:Tra:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolatta                           :S:Abe:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolat                             :P:Nom:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolien                            :P:Gen:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolain                            :P:Gen:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolia                             :P:Par:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolissa                           :P:Ine:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolista                           :P:Ela:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzoliin                            :P:Ill:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolilla                           :P:Ade:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolilta                           :P:Abl:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolille                           :P:All:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolina                            :P:Ess:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzoliksi                           :P:Tra:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolin                             :P:Ins:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolitta                           :P:Abe:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzoline                            :P:Kom:                   gorgonzola
gorgonzolajuusto                        :S:Nom:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuuston                       :S:Gen:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustoa                      :S:Par:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustossa                    :S:Ine:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustosta                    :S:Ela:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustoon                      :S:Ill:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustolla                    :S:Ade:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustolta                    :S:Abl:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustolle                     :S:All:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustona                     :S:Ess:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustoksi                     :S:Tra:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustotta                    :S:Abe:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustot                       :P:Nom:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustojen                     :P:Gen:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustoja                     :P:Par:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustoissa                   :P:Ine:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustoista                   :P:Ela:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustoihin                    :P:Ill:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustoilla                   :P:Ade:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustoilta                   :P:Abl:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustoille                    :P:All:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustoina                    :P:Ess:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustoin                      :P:Ins:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzola-juustoitta                   :P:Abe:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolajuustoine                     :P:Kom:                   gorgonzolajuusto
gorgonzolanjuusto                       :S:Nom:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuuston                      :S:Gen:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoa                      :S:Par:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustossa                    :S:Ine:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustosta                    :S:Ela:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoon                     :S:Ill:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustolla                    :S:Ade:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustolta                    :S:Abl:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustolle                    :S:All:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustona                     :S:Ess:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoksi                    :S:Tra:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustotta                    :S:Abe:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustot                      :P:Nom:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustojen                    :P:Gen:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoja                     :P:Par:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoissa                   :P:Ine:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoista                   :P:Ela:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoihin                   :P:Ill:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoilla                   :P:Ade:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoilta                   :P:Abl:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoille                   :P:All:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoina                    :P:Ess:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoiksi                   :P:Tra:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoin                     :P:Ins:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoitta                   :P:Abe:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorgonzolanjuustoine                    :P:Kom:                   gorgonzolanjuusto
gorilla                                 :S:Nom:                   gorilla
gorillan                                :S:Gen:                   gorilla
gorillaa                                :S:Par:                   gorilla
gorillassa                              :S:Ine:                   gorilla
gorillasta                              :S:Ela:                   gorilla
gorillaan                               :S:Ill:                   gorilla
gorillalla                              :S:Ade:                   gorilla
gorillalta                              :S:Abl:                   gorilla
gorillalle                              :S:All:                   gorilla
gorillana                               :S:Ess:                   gorilla
gorillaksi                              :S:Tra:                   gorilla
gorillatta                              :S:Abe:                   gorilla
gorillat                                :P:Nom:                   gorilla
gorilloiden                             :P:Gen:                   gorilla
gorilloitten                            :P:Gen:                   gorilla
gorillojen                              :P:Gen:                   gorilla
gorillain                               :P:Gen:                   gorilla
gorilloita                              :P:Par:                   gorilla
gorilloja                               :P:Par:                   gorilla
gorilloissa                             :P:Ine:                   gorilla
gorilloista                             :P:Ela:                   gorilla
gorilloihin                             :P:Ill:                   gorilla
gorilloilla                             :P:Ade:                   gorilla
gorilloilta                             :P:Abl:                   gorilla
gorilloille                             :P:All:                   gorilla
gorilloina                              :P:Ess:                   gorilla
gorilloiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gorilla
gorilloin                               :P:Ins:                   gorilla
gorilloitta                             :P:Abe:                   gorilla
gorilloine                              :P:Kom:                   gorilla
gospei                                  :S:Nom:                   gospel
gospein                                 :S:Gen:                   gospel
gospeia                                 :S:Par:                   gospel
gospeissa                               :S:Ine:                   gospel
gospeista                               :S:Ela:                   gospel
gospeiin                                :S:Ill:                   gospel
gospeilla                               :S:Ade:                   gospel
gospeilta                               :S:Abl:                   gospel
gospeille                               :S:All:                   gospel
gospeina                                :S:Ess:                   gospel
gospeiksi                               :S:Tra:                   gospel
gospeitta                               :S:Abe:                   gospel
gospeit                                 :P:Nom:                   gospel
gospeien                                :P:Gen:                   gospel
gospeeja                                :P:Par:                   gospel
gospeeissa                              :P:Ine:                   gospel
gospeeista                              :P:Ela:                   gospel
gospeeihin                              :P:Ill:                   gospel
gospeeilla                              :P:Ade:                   gospel
gospeeilta                              :P:Abl:                   gospel
gospeeille                              :P:All:                   gospel
gospeeina                               :P:Ess:                   gospel
gospeeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   gospel
gospeein                                :P:Ins:                   gospel
gospeeitta                              :P:Abe:                   gospel
gospeeine                               :P:Kom:                   gospel
gospelmusiikki                          :S:Nom:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikin                          :S:Gen:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikkia                         :S:Par:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikissa                        :S:Ine:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikista                        :S:Ela:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikkiin                        :S:Ill:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikilla                        :S:Ade:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikilta                        :S:Abl:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikille                        :S:All:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikkina                        :S:Ess:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikiksi                        :S:Tra:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikitta                        :S:Abe:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikit                          :P:Nom:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikkien                        :P:Gen:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikkeja                        :P:Par:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikeissa                       :P:Ine:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikeista                       :P:Ela:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikkeihin                      :P:Ill:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikeilla                       :P:Ade:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikeilta                       :P:Abl:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikeille                       :P:All:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikkeina                       :P:Ess:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikein                         :P:Ins:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikeitta                       :P:Abe:                   gospelmusiikki
gospelmusiikkeine                       :P:Kom:                   gospelmusiikki
gotiikka                                :S:Nom:                   gotiikka
gotiikan                                :S:Gen:                   gotiikka
gotiikkaa                               :S:Par:                   gotiikka
gotiikassa                              :S:Ine:                   gotiikka
gotiikasta                              :S:Ela:                   gotiikka
gotiikkaan                              :S:Ill:                   gotiikka
gotiikalla                              :S:Ade:                   gotiikka
gotiikalta                              :S:Abl:                   gotiikka
gotiikalle                              :S:All:                   gotiikka
gotiikkana                              :S:Ess:                   gotiikka
gotiikaksi                              :S:Tra:                   gotiikka
gotiikatta                              :S:Abe:                   gotiikka
gotiikat                                :P:Nom:                   gotiikka
gotiikoiden                             :P:Gen:                   gotiikka
gotiikoitten                            :P:Gen:                   gotiikka
gotiikkojen                             :P:Gen:                   gotiikka
gotiikkain                              :P:Gen:                   gotiikka
gotiikoita                              :P:Par:                   gotiikka
gotiikkoja                              :P:Par:                   gotiikka
gotiikoissa                             :P:Ine:                   gotiikka
gotiikoista                             :P:Ela:                   gotiikka
gotiikkoihin                            :P:Ill:                   gotiikka
gotiikoihin                             :P:Ill:                   gotiikka
gotiikoilla                             :P:Ade:                   gotiikka
gotiikoilta                             :P:Abl:                   gotiikka
gotiikoille                             :P:All:                   gotiikka
gotiikoina                              :P:Ess:                   gotiikka
gotiikoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gotiikka
gotiikoin                               :P:Ins:                   gotiikka
gotiikoitta                             :P:Abe:                   gotiikka
gotiikoine                              :P:Kom:                   gotiikka
gouda                                   :S:Nom:                   gouda
goudan                                  :S:Gen:                   gouda
goudaa                                  :S:Par:                   gouda
goudassa                                :S:Ine:                   gouda
goudasta                                :S:Ela:                   gouda
goudaan                                 :S:Ill:                   gouda
goudalla                                :S:Ade:                   gouda
goudalta                                :S:Abl:                   gouda
goudalle                                :S:All:                   gouda
goudana                                 :S:Ess:                   gouda
goudaksi                                :S:Tra:                   gouda
goudatta                                :S:Abe:                   gouda
goudat                                  :P:Nom:                   gouda
goudien                                 :P:Gen:                   gouda
goudain                                 :P:Gen:                   gouda
goudia                                  :P:Par:                   gouda
goudissa                                :P:Ine:                   gouda
goudista                                :P:Ela:                   gouda
goudiin                                 :P:Ill:                   gouda
goudilla                                :P:Ade:                   gouda
goudilta                                :P:Abl:                   gouda
goudille                                :P:All:                   gouda
goudina                                 :P:Ess:                   gouda
goudiksi                                :P:Tra:                   gouda
goudin                                  :P:Ins:                   gouda
gouditta                                :P:Abe:                   gouda
goudine                                 :P:Kom:                   gouda
goudajuusto                             :S:Nom:                   goudajuusto
goudajuuston                            :S:Gen:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustoa                           :S:Par:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustossa                         :S:Ine:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustosta                         :S:Ela:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustoon                           :S:Ill:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustolla                         :S:Ade:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustolta                         :S:Abl:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustolle                          :S:All:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustona                          :S:Ess:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustoksi                          :S:Tra:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustotta                         :S:Abe:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustot                            :P:Nom:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustojen                          :P:Gen:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustoja                          :P:Par:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustoissa                        :P:Ine:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustoista                        :P:Ela:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustoihin                         :P:Ill:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustoilla                        :P:Ade:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustoilta                        :P:Abl:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustoille                         :P:All:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustoina                         :P:Ess:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustoin                           :P:Ins:                   goudajuusto
gouda-juustoitta                        :P:Abe:                   goudajuusto
goudajuustoine                          :P:Kom:                   goudajuusto
goudanjuusto                            :S:Nom:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuuston                           :S:Gen:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoa                           :S:Par:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustossa                         :S:Ine:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustosta                         :S:Ela:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoon                          :S:Ill:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustolla                         :S:Ade:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustolta                         :S:Abl:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustolle                         :S:All:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustona                          :S:Ess:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoksi                         :S:Tra:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustotta                         :S:Abe:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustot                           :P:Nom:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustojen                         :P:Gen:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoja                          :P:Par:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoissa                        :P:Ine:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoista                        :P:Ela:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoihin                        :P:Ill:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoilla                        :P:Ade:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoilta                        :P:Abl:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoille                        :P:All:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoina                         :P:Ess:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoin                          :P:Ins:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoitta                        :P:Abe:                   goudanjuusto
goudanjuustoine                         :P:Kom:                   goudanjuusto
gourmet                                 :S:Nom:                   gourmet
gourmet'n                               :S:Gen:                   gourmet
gourmet'ta                              :S:Par:                   gourmet
gourmet'ssa                             :S:Ine:                   gourmet
gourmet'sta                             :S:Ela:                   gourmet
gourmet'hen                             :S:Ill:                   gourmet
gourmet'lla                             :S:Ade:                   gourmet
gourmet'lta                             :S:Abl:                   gourmet
gourmet'lle                             :S:All:                   gourmet
gourmet'na                              :S:Ess:                   gourmet
gourmet'ksi                             :S:Tra:                   gourmet
gourmet'tta                             :S:Abe:                   gourmet
gourmet't                               :P:Nom:                   gourmet
gourmet'iden                            :P:Gen:                   gourmet
gourmet'ta                              :P:Par:                   gourmet
gourmet'issa                            :P:Ine:                   gourmet
gourmet'ista                            :P:Ela:                   gourmet
gourmet'ihin                            :P:Ill:                   gourmet
gourmet'illa                            :P:Ade:                   gourmet
gourmet'ilta                            :P:Abl:                   gourmet
gourmet'ille                            :P:All:                   gourmet
gourmet'ina                             :P:Ess:                   gourmet
gourmet'iksi                            :P:Tra:                   gourmet
gourmet'in                              :P:Ins:                   gourmet
gourmet'itta                            :P:Abe:                   gourmet
gourmet'ine                             :P:Kom:                   gourmet
gourmetravintola                        :S:Nom:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolan                       :S:Gen:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolaa                       :S:Par:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolassa                     :S:Ine:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolasta                     :S:Ela:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolaan                      :S:Ill:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolalla                     :S:Ade:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolalta                     :S:Abl:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolalle                     :S:All:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolana                      :S:Ess:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolaksi                     :S:Tra:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolatta                     :S:Abe:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolat                       :P:Nom:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloiden                    :P:Gen:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloitten                   :P:Gen:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintolain                      :P:Gen:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloita                     :P:Par:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloissa                    :P:Ine:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloista                    :P:Ela:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloihin                    :P:Ill:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloilla                    :P:Ade:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloilta                    :P:Abl:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloille                    :P:All:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloina                     :P:Ess:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloiksi                    :P:Tra:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloin                      :P:Ins:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloitta                    :P:Abe:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetravintoloine                     :P:Kom:                   gourmetravintola
gourmetruoka                            :S:Nom:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoan                            :S:Gen:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokaa                           :S:Par:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoassa                          :S:Ine:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoasta                          :S:Ela:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokaan                          :S:Ill:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoalla                          :S:Ade:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoalta                          :S:Abl:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoalle                          :S:All:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokana                          :S:Ess:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoaksi                          :S:Tra:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoatta                          :S:Abe:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoat                            :P:Nom:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokien                          :P:Gen:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokain                          :P:Gen:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokia                           :P:Par:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoissa                          :P:Ine:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoista                          :P:Ela:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokiin                          :P:Ill:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoilla                          :P:Ade:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoilta                          :P:Abl:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoille                          :P:All:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokina                          :P:Ess:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoin                            :P:Ins:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruoitta                          :P:Abe:                   gourmetruoka
gourmetruokine                          :P:Kom:                   gourmetruoka
graafikko                               :S:Nom:                   graafikko
graafikon                               :S:Gen:                   graafikko
graafikkoa                              :S:Par:                   graafikko
graafikossa                             :S:Ine:                   graafikko
graafikosta                             :S:Ela:                   graafikko
graafikkoon                             :S:Ill:                   graafikko
graafikolla                             :S:Ade:                   graafikko
graafikolta                             :S:Abl:                   graafikko
graafikolle                             :S:All:                   graafikko
graafikkona                             :S:Ess:                   graafikko
graafikoksi                             :S:Tra:                   graafikko
graafikotta                             :S:Abe:                   graafikko
graafikot                               :P:Nom:                   graafikko
graafikkojen                            :P:Gen:                   graafikko
graafikoiden                            :P:Gen:                   graafikko
graafikoitten                           :P:Gen:                   graafikko
graafikkoja                             :P:Par:                   graafikko
graafikoita                             :P:Par:                   graafikko
graafikoissa                            :P:Ine:                   graafikko
graafikoista                            :P:Ela:                   graafikko
graafikkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   graafikko
graafikoihin                            :P:Ill:                   graafikko
graafikoilla                            :P:Ade:                   graafikko
graafikoilta                            :P:Abl:                   graafikko
graafikoille                            :P:All:                   graafikko
graafikkoina                            :P:Ess:                   graafikko
graafikoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   graafikko
graafikoin                              :P:Ins:                   graafikko
graafikoitta                            :P:Abe:                   graafikko
graafikoine                             :P:Kom:                   graafikko
graafinen                               :S:Nom:                   graafinen
graafisen                               :S:Gen:                   graafinen
graafista                               :S:Par:                   graafinen
graafisessa                             :S:Ine:                   graafinen
graafisesta                             :S:Ela:                   graafinen
graafiseen                              :S:Ill:                   graafinen
graafisella                             :S:Ade:                   graafinen
graafiselta                             :S:Abl:                   graafinen
graafiselle                             :S:All:                   graafinen
graafisena                              :S:Ess:                   graafinen
graafiseksi                             :S:Tra:                   graafinen
graafisetta                             :S:Abe:                   graafinen
graafiset                               :P:Nom:                   graafinen
graafisten                              :P:Gen:                   graafinen
graafisin                               :P:Gen:                   graafinen
graafisia                               :P:Par:                   graafinen
graafisissa                             :P:Ine:                   graafinen
graafisista                             :P:Ela:                   graafinen
graafisiin                              :P:Ill:                   graafinen
graafisilla                             :P:Ade:                   graafinen
graafisilta                             :P:Abl:                   graafinen
graafisille                             :P:All:                   graafinen
graafisina                              :P:Ess:                   graafinen
graafisiksi                             :P:Tra:                   graafinen
graafisin                               :P:Ins:                   graafinen
graafisitta                             :P:Abe:                   graafinen
graafisine                              :P:Kom:                   graafinen
graavaan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          graavata
graavaat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavaamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavaatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavaavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavataan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             graavata
graavaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      graavata
graavaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavata                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavasin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          graavata
graavasit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavasi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavasimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavasitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavasivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavannen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          graavata
graavannet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavannee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavannemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavannette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavannevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             graavata
graavanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      graavata
graavanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          graavata
graavaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             graavata
graavaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      graavata
graavaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavatkoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavatkaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavatkaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavatkoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             graavata
graavaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             graavata
graavata                                :Inf1:                    graavata
graavatakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  graavata
graavatessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            graavata
graavattaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            graavata
graavaten                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            graavata
graavaamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            graavata
graavaamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            graavata
graavaamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            graavata
graavaamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            graavata
graavaamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            graavata
graavaaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            graavata
graavattaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            graavata
graavaaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                graavata
graavaamista                            :Inf4:Par:                graavata
graavaamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    graavata
graavaava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             graavata
graavattava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             graavata
graavannut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             graavata
graavattu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             graavata
graavaama                               :Cip:Age:                 graavata
graavaamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          graavata
graavannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             graavata
graavannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          graavata
graavannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          graavata
graavannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             graavata
graavannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      graavata
graavannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavannut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          graavata
graavanneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          graavata
graavattu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             graavata
graavannut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      graavata
graavanneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      graavata
graavattu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         graavata
graavi                                  :S:Nom:                   graavi
graavin                                 :S:Gen:                   graavi
graavia                                 :S:Par:                   graavi
graavissa                               :S:Ine:                   graavi
graavista                               :S:Ela:                   graavi
graaviin                                :S:Ill:                   graavi
graavilla                               :S:Ade:                   graavi
graavilta                               :S:Abl:                   graavi
graaville                               :S:All:                   graavi
graavina                                :S:Ess:                   graavi
graaviksi                               :S:Tra:                   graavi
graavitta                               :S:Abe:                   graavi
graavit                                 :P:Nom:                   graavi
graavien                                :P:Gen:                   graavi
graaveja                                :P:Par:                   graavi
graaveissa                              :P:Ine:                   graavi
graaveista                              :P:Ela:                   graavi
graaveihin                              :P:Ill:                   graavi
graaveilla                              :P:Ade:                   graavi
graaveilta                              :P:Abl:                   graavi
graaveille                              :P:All:                   graavi
graaveina                               :P:Ess:                   graavi
graaveiksi                              :P:Tra:                   graavi
graavein                                :P:Ins:                   graavi
graaveitta                              :P:Abe:                   graavi
graaveine                               :P:Kom:                   graavi
gradu                                   :S:Nom:                   gradu
gradun                                  :S:Gen:                   gradu
gradua                                  :S:Par:                   gradu
gradussa                                :S:Ine:                   gradu
gradusta                                :S:Ela:                   gradu
graduun                                 :S:Ill:                   gradu
gradulla                                :S:Ade:                   gradu
gradulta                                :S:Abl:                   gradu
gradulle                                :S:All:                   gradu
graduna                                 :S:Ess:                   gradu
graduksi                                :S:Tra:                   gradu
gradutta                                :S:Abe:                   gradu
gradut                                  :P:Nom:                   gradu
gradujen                                :P:Gen:                   gradu
graduja                                 :P:Par:                   gradu
graduissa                               :P:Ine:                   gradu
graduista                               :P:Ela:                   gradu
graduihin                               :P:Ill:                   gradu
graduilla                               :P:Ade:                   gradu
graduilta                               :P:Abl:                   gradu
graduille                               :P:All:                   gradu
graduina                                :P:Ess:                   gradu
graduiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gradu
graduin                                 :P:Ins:                   gradu
graduitta                               :P:Abe:                   gradu
graduine                                :P:Kom:                   gradu
gradutyö                                :S:Nom:                   gradutyö
gradutyön                               :S:Gen:                   gradutyö
gradutyötä                              :S:Par:                   gradutyö
gradutyössä                             :S:Ine:                   gradutyö
gradutyöstä                             :S:Ela:                   gradutyö
gradutyöhön                             :S:Ill:                   gradutyö
gradutyöllä                             :S:Ade:                   gradutyö
gradutyöltä                             :S:Abl:                   gradutyö
gradutyölle                             :S:All:                   gradutyö
gradutyönä                              :S:Ess:                   gradutyö
gradutyöksi                             :S:Tra:                   gradutyö
gradutyöttä                             :S:Abe:                   gradutyö
gradutyöt                               :P:Nom:                   gradutyö
gradutöiden                             :P:Gen:                   gradutyö
gradutöitten                            :P:Gen:                   gradutyö
gradutöitä                              :P:Par:                   gradutyö
gradutöissä                             :P:Ine:                   gradutyö
gradutöistä                             :P:Ela:                   gradutyö
gradutöihin                             :P:Ill:                   gradutyö
gradutöillä                             :P:Ade:                   gradutyö
gradutöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   gradutyö
gradutöille                             :P:All:                   gradutyö
gradutöinä                              :P:Ess:                   gradutyö
gradutöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gradutyö
gradutöin                               :P:Ins:                   gradutyö
gradutöittä                             :P:Abe:                   gradutyö
gradutöine                              :P:Kom:                   gradutyö
graffiti                                :S:Nom:                   graffiti
graffitin                               :S:Gen:                   graffiti
graffitia                               :S:Par:                   graffiti
graffitissa                             :S:Ine:                   graffiti
graffitista                             :S:Ela:                   graffiti
graffitiin                              :S:Ill:                   graffiti
graffitilla                             :S:Ade:                   graffiti
graffitilta                             :S:Abl:                   graffiti
graffitille                             :S:All:                   graffiti
graffitina                              :S:Ess:                   graffiti
graffitiksi                             :S:Tra:                   graffiti
graffititta                             :S:Abe:                   graffiti
graffitit                               :P:Nom:                   graffiti
graffitien                              :P:Gen:                   graffiti
graffiteja                              :P:Par:                   graffiti
graffiteissa                            :P:Ine:                   graffiti
graffiteista                            :P:Ela:                   graffiti
graffiteihin                            :P:Ill:                   graffiti
graffiteilla                            :P:Ade:                   graffiti
graffiteilta                            :P:Abl:                   graffiti
graffiteille                            :P:All:                   graffiti
graffiteina                             :P:Ess:                   graffiti
graffiteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   graffiti
graffitein                              :P:Ins:                   graffiti
graffiteitta                            :P:Abe:                   graffiti
graffiteine                             :P:Kom:                   graffiti
grafiikka                               :S:Nom:                   grafiikka
grafiikan                               :S:Gen:                   grafiikka
grafiikkaa                              :S:Par:                   grafiikka
grafiikassa                             :S:Ine:                   grafiikka
grafiikasta                             :S:Ela:                   grafiikka
grafiikkaan                             :S:Ill:                   grafiikka
grafiikalla                             :S:Ade:                   grafiikka
grafiikalta                             :S:Abl:                   grafiikka
grafiikalle                             :S:All:                   grafiikka
grafiikkana                             :S:Ess:                   grafiikka
grafiikaksi                             :S:Tra:                   grafiikka
grafiikatta                             :S:Abe:                   grafiikka
grafiikat                               :P:Nom:                   grafiikka
grafiikoiden                            :P:Gen:                   grafiikka
grafiikoitten                           :P:Gen:                   grafiikka
grafiikkojen                            :P:Gen:                   grafiikka
grafiikkain                             :P:Gen:                   grafiikka
grafiikoita                             :P:Par:                   grafiikka
grafiikkoja                             :P:Par:                   grafiikka
grafiikoissa                            :P:Ine:                   grafiikka
grafiikoista                            :P:Ela:                   grafiikka
grafiikkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   grafiikka
grafiikoihin                            :P:Ill:                   grafiikka
grafiikoilla                            :P:Ade:                   grafiikka
grafiikoilta                            :P:Abl:                   grafiikka
grafiikoille                            :P:All:                   grafiikka
grafiikoina                             :P:Ess:                   grafiikka
grafiikoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   grafiikka
grafiikoin                              :P:Ins:                   grafiikka
grafiikoitta                            :P:Abe:                   grafiikka
grafiikoine                             :P:Kom:                   grafiikka
grafiitinharmaa                         :S:Nom:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaan                        :S:Gen:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaata                       :S:Par:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaassa                      :S:Ine:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaasta                      :S:Ela:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaaseen                     :S:Ill:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaalla                      :S:Ade:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaalta                      :S:Abl:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaalle                      :S:All:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaana                       :S:Ess:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaaksi                      :S:Tra:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaatta                      :S:Abe:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaat                        :P:Nom:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaiden                      :P:Gen:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaitten                     :P:Gen:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaita                       :P:Par:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaissa                      :P:Ine:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaista                      :P:Ela:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaihin                      :P:Ill:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmailla                      :P:Ade:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmailta                      :P:Abl:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaille                      :P:All:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaina                       :P:Ess:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaiksi                      :P:Tra:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmain                        :P:Ins:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaitta                      :P:Abe:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitinharmaine                       :P:Kom:                   grafiitinharmaa
grafiitti                               :S:Nom:                   grafiitti
grafiitin                               :S:Gen:                   grafiitti
grafiittia                              :S:Par:                   grafiitti
grafiitissa                             :S:Ine:                   grafiitti
grafiitista                             :S:Ela:                   grafiitti
grafiittiin                             :S:Ill:                   grafiitti
grafiitilla                             :S:Ade:                   grafiitti
grafiitilta                             :S:Abl:                   grafiitti
grafiitille                             :S:All:                   grafiitti
grafiittina                             :S:Ess:                   grafiitti
grafiitiksi                             :S:Tra:                   grafiitti
grafiititta                             :S:Abe:                   grafiitti
grafiitit                               :P:Nom:                   grafiitti
grafiittien                             :P:Gen:                   grafiitti
grafiitteja                             :P:Par:                   grafiitti
grafiiteissa                            :P:Ine:                   grafiitti
grafiiteista                            :P:Ela:                   grafiitti
grafiitteihin                           :P:Ill:                   grafiitti
grafiiteilla                            :P:Ade:                   grafiitti
grafiiteilta                            :P:Abl:                   grafiitti
grafiiteille                            :P:All:                   grafiitti
grafiitteina                            :P:Ess:                   grafiitti
grafiiteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   grafiitti
grafiitein                              :P:Ins:                   grafiitti
grafiiteitta                            :P:Abe:                   grafiitti
grafiitteine                            :P:Kom:                   grafiitti
grafologi                               :S:Nom:                   grafologi
grafologin                              :S:Gen:                   grafologi
grafologia                              :S:Par:                   grafologi
grafologissa                            :S:Ine:                   grafologi
grafologista                            :S:Ela:                   grafologi
grafologiin                             :S:Ill:                   grafologi
grafologilla                            :S:Ade:                   grafologi
grafologilta                            :S:Abl:                   grafologi
grafologille                            :S:All:                   grafologi
grafologina                             :S:Ess:                   grafologi
grafologiksi                            :S:Tra:                   grafologi
grafologitta                            :S:Abe:                   grafologi
grafologit                              :P:Nom:                   grafologi
grafologien                             :P:Gen:                   grafologi
grafologeja                             :P:Par:                   grafologi
grafologeissa                           :P:Ine:                   grafologi
grafologeista                           :P:Ela:                   grafologi
grafologeihin                           :P:Ill:                   grafologi
grafologeilla                           :P:Ade:                   grafologi
grafologeilta                           :P:Abl:                   grafologi
grafologeille                           :P:All:                   grafologi
grafologeina                            :P:Ess:                   grafologi
grafologeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   grafologi
grafologein                             :P:Ins:                   grafologi
grafologeitta                           :P:Abe:                   grafologi
grafologeine                            :P:Kom:                   grafologi
grafologia                              :S:Nom:                   grafologia
grafologian                             :S:Gen:                   grafologia
grafologiaa                             :S:Par:                   grafologia
grafologiassa                           :S:Ine:                   grafologia
grafologiasta                           :S:Ela:                   grafologia
grafologiaan                            :S:Ill:                   grafologia
grafologialla                           :S:Ade:                   grafologia
grafologialta                           :S:Abl:                   grafologia
grafologialle                           :S:All:                   grafologia
grafologiana                            :S:Ess:                   grafologia
grafologiaksi                           :S:Tra:                   grafologia
grafologiatta                           :S:Abe:                   grafologia
grafologiat                             :P:Nom:                   grafologia
grafologioiden                          :P:Gen:                   grafologia
grafologioitten                         :P:Gen:                   grafologia
grafologiain                            :P:Gen:                   grafologia
grafologioita                           :P:Par:                   grafologia
grafologioissa                          :P:Ine:                   grafologia
grafologioista                          :P:Ela:                   grafologia
grafologioihin                          :P:Ill:                   grafologia
grafologioilla                          :P:Ade:                   grafologia
grafologioilta                          :P:Abl:                   grafologia
grafologioille                          :P:All:                   grafologia
grafologioina                           :P:Ess:                   grafologia
grafologioiksi                          :P:Tra:                   grafologia
grafologioin                            :P:Ins:                   grafologia
grafologioitta                          :P:Abe:                   grafologia
grafologioine                           :P:Kom:                   grafologia
grafologinen                            :S:Nom:                   grafologinen
grafologisen                            :S:Gen:                   grafologinen
grafologista                            :S:Par:                   grafologinen
grafologisessa                          :S:Ine:                   grafologinen
grafologisesta                          :S:Ela:                   grafologinen
grafologiseen                           :S:Ill:                   grafologinen
grafologisella                          :S:Ade:                   grafologinen
grafologiselta                          :S:Abl:                   grafologinen
grafologiselle                          :S:All:                   grafologinen
grafologisena                           :S:Ess:                   grafologinen
grafologiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   grafologinen
grafologisetta                          :S:Abe:                   grafologinen
grafologiset                            :P:Nom:                   grafologinen
grafologisten                           :P:Gen:                   grafologinen
grafologisin                            :P:Gen:                   grafologinen
grafologisia                            :P:Par:                   grafologinen
grafologisissa                          :P:Ine:                   grafologinen
grafologisista                          :P:Ela:                   grafologinen
grafologisiin                           :P:Ill:                   grafologinen
grafologisilla                          :P:Ade:                   grafologinen
grafologisilta                          :P:Abl:                   grafologinen
grafologisille                          :P:All:                   grafologinen
grafologisina                           :P:Ess:                   grafologinen
grafologisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   grafologinen
grafologisin                            :P:Ins:                   grafologinen
grafologisitta                          :P:Abe:                   grafologinen
grafologisine                           :P:Kom:                   grafologinen
grahamjauho                             :S:Nom:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhon                            :S:Gen:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoa                            :S:Par:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhossa                          :S:Ine:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhosta                          :S:Ela:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoon                           :S:Ill:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauholla                          :S:Ade:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauholta                          :S:Abl:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauholle                          :S:All:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhona                           :S:Ess:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoksi                          :S:Tra:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhotta                          :S:Abe:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhot                            :P:Nom:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhojen                          :P:Gen:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoja                           :P:Par:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoissa                         :P:Ine:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoista                         :P:Ela:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoihin                         :P:Ill:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoilla                         :P:Ade:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoilta                         :P:Abl:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoille                         :P:All:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoina                          :P:Ess:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoin                           :P:Ins:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoitta                         :P:Abe:                   grahamjauho
grahamjauhoine                          :P:Kom:                   grahamjauho
grahamkeksi                             :S:Nom:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksin                            :S:Gen:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksia                            :S:Par:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksissa                          :S:Ine:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksista                          :S:Ela:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksiin                           :S:Ill:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksilla                          :S:Ade:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksilta                          :S:Abl:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksille                          :S:All:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksina                           :S:Ess:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksiksi                          :S:Tra:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksitta                          :S:Abe:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksit                            :P:Nom:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksien                           :P:Gen:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseja                           :P:Par:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseissa                         :P:Ine:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseista                         :P:Ela:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseihin                         :P:Ill:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseilla                         :P:Ade:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseilta                         :P:Abl:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseille                         :P:All:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseina                          :P:Ess:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseiksi                         :P:Tra:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkeksein                           :P:Ins:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseitta                         :P:Abe:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkekseine                          :P:Kom:                   grahamkeksi
grahamkorppu                            :S:Nom:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpun                            :S:Gen:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorppua                           :S:Par:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpussa                          :S:Ine:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpusta                          :S:Ela:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorppuun                          :S:Ill:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpulla                          :S:Ade:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpulta                          :S:Abl:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpulle                          :S:All:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorppuna                          :S:Ess:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuksi                          :S:Tra:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorputta                          :S:Abe:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorput                            :P:Nom:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorppujen                         :P:Gen:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorppuja                          :P:Par:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuissa                         :P:Ine:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuista                         :P:Ela:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorppuihin                        :P:Ill:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuilla                         :P:Ade:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuilta                         :P:Abl:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuille                         :P:All:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorppuina                         :P:Ess:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuin                           :P:Ins:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorpuitta                         :P:Abe:                   grahamkorppu
grahamkorppuine                         :P:Kom:                   grahamkorppu
grahamleipä                             :S:Nom:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivän                            :S:Gen:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipää                            :S:Par:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivässä                          :S:Ine:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivästä                          :S:Ela:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipään                           :S:Ill:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivällä                          :S:Ade:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivältä                          :S:Abl:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivälle                          :S:All:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipänä                           :S:Ess:                   grahamleipä
grahamleiväksi                          :S:Tra:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivättä                          :S:Abe:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivät                            :P:Nom:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipien                           :P:Gen:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipäin                           :P:Gen:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipiä                            :P:Par:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivissä                          :P:Ine:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivistä                          :P:Ela:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipiin                           :P:Ill:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivillä                          :P:Ade:                   grahamleipä
grahamleiviltä                          :P:Abl:                   grahamleipä
grahamleiville                          :P:All:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipinä                           :P:Ess:                   grahamleipä
grahamleiviksi                          :P:Tra:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivin                            :P:Ins:                   grahamleipä
grahamleivittä                          :P:Abe:                   grahamleipä
grahamleipine                           :P:Kom:                   grahamleipä
gramma                                  :S:Nom:                   gramma
gramman                                 :S:Gen:                   gramma
grammaa                                 :S:Par:                   gramma
grammassa                               :S:Ine:                   gramma
grammasta                               :S:Ela:                   gramma
grammaan                                :S:Ill:                   gramma
grammalla                               :S:Ade:                   gramma
grammalta                               :S:Abl:                   gramma
grammalle                               :S:All:                   gramma
grammana                                :S:Ess:                   gramma
grammaksi                               :S:Tra:                   gramma
grammatta                               :S:Abe:                   gramma
grammat                                 :P:Nom:                   gramma
grammojen                               :P:Gen:                   gramma
grammain                                :P:Gen:                   gramma
grammoja                                :P:Par:                   gramma
grammoissa                              :P:Ine:                   gramma
grammoista                              :P:Ela:                   gramma
grammoihin                              :P:Ill:                   gramma
grammoilla                              :P:Ade:                   gramma
grammoilta                              :P:Abl:                   gramma
grammoille                              :P:All:                   gramma
grammoina                               :P:Ess:                   gramma
grammoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   gramma
grammoin                                :P:Ins:                   gramma
grammoitta                              :P:Abe:                   gramma
grammoine                               :P:Kom:                   gramma
grammaattinen                           :S:Nom:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisen                           :S:Gen:                   grammaattinen
grammaattista                           :S:Par:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisessa                         :S:Ine:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisesta                         :S:Ela:                   grammaattinen
grammaattiseen                          :S:Ill:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisella                         :S:Ade:                   grammaattinen
grammaattiselta                         :S:Abl:                   grammaattinen
grammaattiselle                         :S:All:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisena                          :S:Ess:                   grammaattinen
grammaattiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisetta                         :S:Abe:                   grammaattinen
grammaattiset                           :P:Nom:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisten                          :P:Gen:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisin                           :P:Gen:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisia                           :P:Par:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisissa                         :P:Ine:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisista                         :P:Ela:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisiin                          :P:Ill:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisilla                         :P:Ade:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisilta                         :P:Abl:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisille                         :P:All:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisina                          :P:Ess:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisin                           :P:Ins:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisitta                         :P:Abe:                   grammaattinen
grammaattisine                          :P:Kom:                   grammaattinen
grammari                                :S:Nom:                   grammari
grammarin                               :S:Gen:                   grammari
grammaria                               :S:Par:                   grammari
grammarissa                             :S:Ine:                   grammari
grammarista                             :S:Ela:                   grammari
grammariin                              :S:Ill:                   grammari
grammarilla                             :S:Ade:                   grammari
grammarilta                             :S:Abl:                   grammari
grammarille                             :S:All:                   grammari
grammarina                              :S:Ess:                   grammari
grammariksi                             :S:Tra:                   grammari
grammaritta                             :S:Abe:                   grammari
grammarit                               :P:Nom:                   grammari
grammarien                              :P:Gen:                   grammari
grammareiden                            :P:Gen:                   grammari
grammareitten                           :P:Gen:                   grammari
grammareja                              :P:Par:                   grammari
grammareita                             :P:Par:                   grammari
grammareissa                            :P:Ine:                   grammari
grammareista                            :P:Ela:                   grammari
grammareihin                            :P:Ill:                   grammari
grammareilla                            :P:Ade:                   grammari
grammareilta                            :P:Abl:                   grammari
grammareille                            :P:All:                   grammari
grammareina                             :P:Ess:                   grammari
grammareiksi                            :P:Tra:                   grammari
grammarein                              :P:Ins:                   grammari
grammareitta                            :P:Abe:                   grammari
grammareine                             :P:Kom:                   grammari
gramofoni                               :S:Nom:                   gramofoni
gramofonin                              :S:Gen:                   gramofoni
gramofonia                              :S:Par:                   gramofoni
gramofonissa                            :S:Ine:                   gramofoni
gramofonista                            :S:Ela:                   gramofoni
gramofoniin                             :S:Ill:                   gramofoni
gramofonilla                            :S:Ade:                   gramofoni
gramofonilta                            :S:Abl:                   gramofoni
gramofonille                            :S:All:                   gramofoni
gramofonina                             :S:Ess:                   gramofoni
gramofoniksi                            :S:Tra:                   gramofoni
gramofonitta                            :S:Abe:                   gramofoni
gramofonit                              :P:Nom:                   gramofoni
gramofonien                             :P:Gen:                   gramofoni
gramofoneja                             :P:Par:                   gramofoni
gramofoneissa                           :P:Ine:                   gramofoni
gramofoneista                           :P:Ela:                   gramofoni
gramofoneihin                           :P:Ill:                   gramofoni
gramofoneilla                           :P:Ade:                   gramofoni
gramofoneilta                           :P:Abl:                   gramofoni
gramofoneille                           :P:All:                   gramofoni
gramofoneina                            :P:Ess:                   gramofoni
gramofoneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gramofoni
gramofonein                             :P:Ins:                   gramofoni
gramofoneitta                           :P:Abe:                   gramofoni
gramofoneine                            :P:Kom:                   gramofoni
granaatti                               :S:Nom:                   granaatti
granaatin                               :S:Gen:                   granaatti
granaattia                              :S:Par:                   granaatti
granaatissa                             :S:Ine:                   granaatti
granaatista                             :S:Ela:                   granaatti
granaattiin                             :S:Ill:                   granaatti
granaatilla                             :S:Ade:                   granaatti
granaatilta                             :S:Abl:                   granaatti
granaatille                             :S:All:                   granaatti
granaattina                             :S:Ess:                   granaatti
granaatiksi                             :S:Tra:                   granaatti
granaatitta                             :S:Abe:                   granaatti
granaatit                               :P:Nom:                   granaatti
granaattien                             :P:Gen:                   granaatti
granaatteja                             :P:Par:                   granaatti
granaateissa                            :P:Ine:                   granaatti
granaateista                            :P:Ela:                   granaatti
granaatteihin                           :P:Ill:                   granaatti
granaateilla                            :P:Ade:                   granaatti
granaateilta                            :P:Abl:                   granaatti
granaateille                            :P:All:                   granaatti
granaatteina                            :P:Ess:                   granaatti
granaateiksi                            :P:Tra:                   granaatti
granaatein                              :P:Ins:                   granaatti
granaateitta                            :P:Abe:                   granaatti
granaatteine                            :P:Kom:                   granaatti
granaattiomena                          :S:Nom:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenan                         :S:Gen:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenaa                         :S:Par:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenassa                       :S:Ine:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenasta                       :S:Ela:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenaan                        :S:Ill:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenalla                       :S:Ade:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenalta                       :S:Abl:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenalle                       :S:All:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenana                        :S:Ess:                   granaattiomena
granaatti-omenaksi                      :S:Tra:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenatta                       :S:Abe:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenat                         :P:Nom:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenien                        :P:Gen:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenoiden                      :P:Gen:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenoitten                     :P:Gen:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenojen                       :P:Gen:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenain                        :P:Gen:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenia                         :P:Par:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenoita                       :P:Par:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenoja                        :P:Par:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenissa                       :P:Ine:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenista                       :P:Ela:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomeniin                        :P:Ill:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenoihin                      :P:Ill:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenilla                       :P:Ade:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenilta                       :P:Abl:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenille                       :P:All:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenina                        :P:Ess:                   granaattiomena
granaatti-omeniksi                      :P:Tra:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenin                         :P:Ins:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenitta                       :P:Abe:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomenine                        :P:Kom:                   granaattiomena
granaattiomena-pua                      :S:Nom:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuan                      :S:Gen:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puata                    :S:Par:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puassa                   :S:Ine:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puasta                   :S:Ela:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuuhun                    :S:Ill:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-pualla                   :S:Ade:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-pualta                   :S:Abl:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapualle                    :S:All:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puana                    :S:Ess:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuaksi                    :S:Tra:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puatta                   :S:Abe:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuat                      :P:Nom:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuiden                    :P:Gen:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuitten                   :P:Gen:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puita                    :P:Par:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puissa                   :P:Ine:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puista                   :P:Ela:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuihin                    :P:Ill:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puilla                   :P:Ade:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puilta                   :P:Abl:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuille                    :P:All:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puina                    :P:Ess:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuiksi                    :P:Tra:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuin                      :P:Ins:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomena-puitta                   :P:Abe:                   granaattiomenapuu
granaattiomenapuine                     :P:Kom:                   granaattiomenapuu
granadilla                              :S:Nom:                   granadilla
granadillan                             :S:Gen:                   granadilla
granadillaa                             :S:Par:                   granadilla
granadillassa                           :S:Ine:                   granadilla
granadillasta                           :S:Ela:                   granadilla
granadillaan                            :S:Ill:                   granadilla
granadillalla                           :S:Ade:                   granadilla
granadillalta                           :S:Abl:                   granadilla
granadillalle                           :S:All:                   granadilla
granadillana                            :S:Ess:                   granadilla
granadillaksi                           :S:Tra:                   granadilla
granadillatta                           :S:Abe:                   granadilla
granadillat                             :P:Nom:                   granadilla
granadillojen                           :P:Gen:                   granadilla
granadillain                            :P:Gen:                   granadilla
granadilloja                            :P:Par:                   granadilla
granadilloissa                          :P:Ine:                   granadilla
granadilloista                          :P:Ela:                   granadilla
granadilloihin                          :P:Ill:                   granadilla
granadilloilla                          :P:Ade:                   granadilla
granadilloilta                          :P:Abl:                   granadilla
granadilloille                          :P:All:                   granadilla
granadilloina                           :P:Ess:                   granadilla
granadilloiksi                          :P:Tra:                   granadilla
granadilloin                            :P:Ins:                   granadilla
granadilloitta                          :P:Abe:                   granadilla
granadilloine                           :P:Kom:                   granadilla
graniitti                               :S:Nom:                   graniitti
graniitin                               :S:Gen:                   graniitti
graniittia                              :S:Par:                   graniitti
graniitissa                             :S:Ine:                   graniitti
graniitista                             :S:Ela:                   graniitti
graniittiin                             :S:Ill:                   graniitti
graniitilla                             :S:Ade:                   graniitti
graniitilta                             :S:Abl:                   graniitti
graniitille                             :S:All:                   graniitti
graniittina                             :S:Ess:                   graniitti
graniitiksi                             :S:Tra:                   graniitti
graniititta                             :S:Abe:                   graniitti
graniitit                               :P:Nom:                   graniitti
graniittien                             :P:Gen:                   graniitti
graniitteja                             :P:Par:                   graniitti
graniiteissa                            :P:Ine:                   graniitti
graniiteista                            :P:Ela:                   graniitti
graniitteihin                           :P:Ill:                   graniitti
graniiteilla                            :P:Ade:                   graniitti
graniiteilta                            :P:Abl:                   graniitti
graniiteille                            :P:All:                   graniitti
graniitteina                            :P:Ess:                   graniitti
graniiteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   graniitti
graniitein                              :P:Ins:                   graniitti
graniiteitta                            :P:Abe:                   graniitti
graniitteine                            :P:Kom:                   graniitti
graniitti-gneissi                       :S:Nom:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissin                       :S:Gen:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissiä                       :S:Par:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneississä                     :S:Ine:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissistä                     :S:Ela:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissiin                      :S:Ill:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissillä                     :S:Ade:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissiltä                     :S:Abl:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissille                     :S:All:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissinä                      :S:Ess:                   graniittigneissi
graniitti-gneissiksi                    :S:Tra:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissittä                     :S:Abe:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissit                       :P:Nom:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissien                      :P:Gen:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissejä                      :P:Par:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseissä                    :P:Ine:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseistä                    :P:Ela:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseihin                    :P:Ill:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseillä                    :P:Ade:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseiltä                    :P:Abl:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseille                    :P:All:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseinä                     :P:Ess:                   graniittigneissi
graniitti-gneisseiksi                   :P:Tra:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneissein                      :P:Ins:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseittä                    :P:Abe:                   graniittigneissi
graniittigneisseine                     :P:Kom:                   graniittigneissi
graniittinen                            :S:Nom:                   graniittinen
graniittisen                            :S:Gen:                   graniittinen
graniittista                            :S:Par:                   graniittinen
graniittisessa                          :S:Ine:                   graniittinen
graniittisesta                          :S:Ela:                   graniittinen
graniittiseen                           :S:Ill:                   graniittinen
graniittisella                          :S:Ade:                   graniittinen
graniittiselta                          :S:Abl:                   graniittinen
graniittiselle                          :S:All:                   graniittinen
graniittisena                           :S:Ess:                   graniittinen
graniittiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   graniittinen
graniittisetta                          :S:Abe:                   graniittinen
graniittiset                            :P:Nom:                   graniittinen
graniittisten                           :P:Gen:                   graniittinen
graniittisin                            :P:Gen:                   graniittinen
graniittisia                            :P:Par:                   graniittinen
graniittisissa                          :P:Ine:                   graniittinen
graniittisista                          :P:Ela:                   graniittinen
graniittisiin                           :P:Ill:                   graniittinen
graniittisilla                          :P:Ade:                   graniittinen
graniittisilta                          :P:Abl:                   graniittinen
graniittisille                          :P:All:                   graniittinen
graniittisina                           :P:Ess:                   graniittinen
graniittisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   graniittinen
graniittisin                            :P:Ins:                   graniittinen
graniittisitta                          :P:Abe:                   graniittinen
graniittisine                           :P:Kom:                   graniittinen
graniittipatsas                         :S:Nom:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaan                        :S:Gen:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsasta                       :S:Par:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaassa                      :S:Ine:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaasta                      :S:Ela:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaaseen                     :S:Ill:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaalla                      :S:Ade:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaalta                      :S:Abl:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaalle                      :S:All:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaana                       :S:Ess:                   graniittipatsas
graniitti-patsaaksi                     :S:Tra:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaatta                      :S:Abe:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaat                        :P:Nom:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaiden                      :P:Gen:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaitten                     :P:Gen:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaita                       :P:Par:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaissa                      :P:Ine:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaista                      :P:Ela:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsailla                      :P:Ade:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsailta                      :P:Abl:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaille                      :P:All:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaina                       :P:Ess:                   graniittipatsas
graniitti-patsaiksi                     :P:Tra:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsain                        :P:Ins:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaitta                      :P:Abe:                   graniittipatsas
graniittipatsaine                       :P:Kom:                   graniittipatsas
grape                                   :S:Nom:                   grape
grapen                                  :S:Gen:                   grape
grapea                                  :S:Par:                   grape
grapessa                                :S:Ine:                   grape
grapesta                                :S:Ela:                   grape
grapeen                                 :S:Ill:                   grape
grapella                                :S:Ade:                   grape
grapelta                                :S:Abl:                   grape
grapelle                                :S:All:                   grape
grapena                                 :S:Ess:                   grape
grapeksi                                :S:Tra:                   grape
grapetta                                :S:Abe:                   grape
grapet                                  :P:Nom:                   grape
grapejen                                :P:Gen:                   grape
grapein                                 :P:Gen:                   grape
grapeja                                 :P:Par:                   grape
grapeissa                               :P:Ine:                   grape
grapeista                               :P:Ela:                   grape
grapeihin                               :P:Ill:                   grape
grapeilla                               :P:Ade:                   grape
grapeilta                               :P:Abl:                   grape
grapeille                               :P:All:                   grape
grapeina                                :P:Ess:                   grape
grapeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   grape
grapein                                 :P:Ins:                   grape
grapeitta                               :P:Abe:                   grape
grapeine                                :P:Kom:                   grape
gratiini                                :S:Nom:                   gratiini
gratiinin                               :S:Gen:                   gratiini
gratiinia                               :S:Par:                   gratiini
gratiinissa                             :S:Ine:                   gratiini
gratiinista                             :S:Ela:                   gratiini
gratiiniin                              :S:Ill:                   gratiini
gratiinilla                             :S:Ade:                   gratiini
gratiinilta                             :S:Abl:                   gratiini
gratiinille                             :S:All:                   gratiini
gratiinina                              :S:Ess:                   gratiini
gratiiniksi                             :S:Tra:                   gratiini
gratiinitta                             :S:Abe:                   gratiini
gratiinit                               :P:Nom:                   gratiini
gratiinien                              :P:Gen:                   gratiini
gratiineiden                            :P:Gen:                   gratiini
gratiineitten                           :P:Gen:                   gratiini
gratiineja                              :P:Par:                   gratiini
gratiineita                             :P:Par:                   gratiini
gratiineissa                            :P:Ine:                   gratiini
gratiineista                            :P:Ela:                   gratiini
gratiineihin                            :P:Ill:                   gratiini
gratiineilla                            :P:Ade:                   gratiini
gratiineilta                            :P:Abl:                   gratiini
gratiineille                            :P:All:                   gratiini
gratiineina                             :P:Ess:                   gratiini
gratiineiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gratiini
gratiinein                              :P:Ins:                   gratiini
gratiineitta                            :P:Abe:                   gratiini
gratiineine                             :P:Kom:                   gratiini
gratiinikastike                         :S:Nom:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeen                      :S:Gen:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastiketta                      :S:Par:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeessa                    :S:Ine:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeesta                    :S:Ela:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeeseen                   :S:Ill:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeella                    :S:Ade:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeelta                    :S:Abl:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeelle                    :S:All:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeena                     :S:Ess:                   gratiinikastike
gratiini-kastikkeeksi                   :S:Tra:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeetta                    :S:Abe:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeet                      :P:Nom:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeiden                    :P:Gen:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikeitten                    :P:Gen:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeita                     :P:Par:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeissa                    :P:Ine:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeista                    :P:Ela:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeisiin                   :P:Ill:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeihin                    :P:Ill:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeilla                    :P:Ade:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeilta                    :P:Abl:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeille                    :P:All:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeina                     :P:Ess:                   gratiinikastike
gratiini-kastikkeiksi                   :P:Tra:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkein                      :P:Ins:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeitta                    :P:Abe:                   gratiinikastike
gratiinikastikkeine                     :P:Kom:                   gratiinikastike
gratinoin                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          gratinoida
gratinoit                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoimme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoitte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoivat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoidaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoida                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinoin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          gratinoida
gratinoit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinoinen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          gratinoida
gratinoinet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoinee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoinemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoinette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoinevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoine                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinoisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          gratinoida
gratinoisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoikoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoikaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoikaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoikoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoi                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoiko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoida                              :Inf1:                    gratinoida
gratinoidakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  gratinoida
gratinoidessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            gratinoida
gratinoitaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            gratinoida
gratinoiden                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            gratinoida
gratinoimassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            gratinoida
gratinoimasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            gratinoida
gratinoimaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            gratinoida
gratinoimalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            gratinoida
gratinoimatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            gratinoida
gratinoiman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            gratinoida
gratinoitaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            gratinoida
gratinoiminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                gratinoida
gratinoimista                           :Inf4:Par:                gratinoida
gratinoimaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    gratinoida
gratinoiva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             gratinoida
gratinoitava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoima                              :Cip:Age:                 gratinoida
gratinoimaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             gratinoida
gratinoinut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoineet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gratinoida
gratinoitu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         gratinoida
gratinointi                             :S:Nom:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnin                            :S:Gen:                   gratinointi
gratinointia                            :S:Par:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnissa                          :S:Ine:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnista                          :S:Ela:                   gratinointi
gratinointiin                           :S:Ill:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnilla                          :S:Ade:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnilta                          :S:Abl:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnille                          :S:All:                   gratinointi
gratinointina                           :S:Ess:                   gratinointi
gratinoinniksi                          :S:Tra:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnitta                          :S:Abe:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnit                            :P:Nom:                   gratinointi
gratinointien                           :P:Gen:                   gratinointi
gratinointeja                           :P:Par:                   gratinointi
gratinoinneissa                         :P:Ine:                   gratinointi
gratinoinneista                         :P:Ela:                   gratinointi
gratinointeihin                         :P:Ill:                   gratinointi
gratinoinneilla                         :P:Ade:                   gratinointi
gratinoinneilta                         :P:Abl:                   gratinointi
gratinoinneille                         :P:All:                   gratinointi
gratinointeina                          :P:Ess:                   gratinointi
gratinoinneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gratinointi
gratinoinnein                           :P:Ins:                   gratinointi
gratinoinneitta                         :P:Abe:                   gratinointi
gratinointeine                          :P:Kom:                   gratinointi
gratinointikastike                      :S:Nom:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeen                   :S:Gen:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastiketta                   :S:Par:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeessa                 :S:Ine:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeesta                 :S:Ela:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeeseen                :S:Ill:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeella                 :S:Ade:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeelta                 :S:Abl:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeelle                 :S:All:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeena                  :S:Ess:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointi-kastikkeeksi                :S:Tra:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeetta                 :S:Abe:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeet                   :P:Nom:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeiden                 :P:Gen:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikeitten                 :P:Gen:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeita                  :P:Par:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeissa                 :P:Ine:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeista                 :P:Ela:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeisiin                :P:Ill:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeihin                 :P:Ill:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeilla                 :P:Ade:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeilta                 :P:Abl:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeille                 :P:All:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeina                  :P:Ess:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointi-kastikkeiksi                :P:Tra:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkein                   :P:Ins:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeitta                 :P:Abe:                   gratinointikastike
gratinointikastikkeine                  :P:Kom:                   gratinointikastike
gratisti                                :S:Nom:                   gratisti
gratistin                               :S:Gen:                   gratisti
gratistia                               :S:Par:                   gratisti
gratistissa                             :S:Ine:                   gratisti
gratistista                             :S:Ela:                   gratisti
gratistiin                              :S:Ill:                   gratisti
gratistilla                             :S:Ade:                   gratisti
gratistilta                             :S:Abl:                   gratisti
gratistille                             :S:All:                   gratisti
gratistina                              :S:Ess:                   gratisti
gratistiksi                             :S:Tra:                   gratisti
gratistitta                             :S:Abe:                   gratisti
gratistit                               :P:Nom:                   gratisti
gratistien                              :P:Gen:                   gratisti
gratisteja                              :P:Par:                   gratisti
gratisteissa                            :P:Ine:                   gratisti
gratisteista                            :P:Ela:                   gratisti
gratisteihin                            :P:Ill:                   gratisti
gratisteilla                            :P:Ade:                   gratisti
gratisteilta                            :P:Abl:                   gratisti
gratisteille                            :P:All:                   gratisti
gratisteina                             :P:Ess:                   gratisti
gratisteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   gratisti
gratistein                              :P:Ins:                   gratisti
gratisteitta                            :P:Abe:                   gratisti
gratisteine                             :P:Kom:                   gratisti
gravidi                                 :S:Nom:                   gravidi
gravidin                                :S:Gen:                   gravidi
gravidia                                :S:Par:                   gravidi
gravidissa                              :S:Ine:                   gravidi
gravidista                              :S:Ela:                   gravidi
gravidiin                               :S:Ill:                   gravidi
gravidilla                              :S:Ade:                   gravidi
gravidilta                              :S:Abl:                   gravidi
gravidille                              :S:All:                   gravidi
gravidina                               :S:Ess:                   gravidi
gravidiksi                              :S:Tra:                   gravidi
graviditta                              :S:Abe:                   gravidi
gravidit                                :P:Nom:                   gravidi
gravidien                               :P:Gen:                   gravidi
gravideja                               :P:Par:                   gravidi
gravideissa                             :P:Ine:                   gravidi
gravideista                             :P:Ela:                   gravidi
gravideihin                             :P:Ill:                   gravidi
gravideilla                             :P:Ade:                   gravidi
gravideilta                             :P:Abl:                   gravidi
gravideille                             :P:All:                   gravidi
gravideina                              :P:Ess:                   gravidi
gravideiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gravidi
gravidein                               :P:Ins:                   gravidi
gravideitta                             :P:Abe:                   gravidi
gravideine                              :P:Kom:                   gravidi
graviditeetti                           :S:Nom:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetin                           :S:Gen:                   graviditeetti
graviditeettia                          :S:Par:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetissa                         :S:Ine:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetista                         :S:Ela:                   graviditeetti
graviditeettiin                         :S:Ill:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetilla                         :S:Ade:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetilta                         :S:Abl:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetille                         :S:All:                   graviditeetti
graviditeettina                         :S:Ess:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetiksi                         :S:Tra:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetitta                         :S:Abe:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetit                           :P:Nom:                   graviditeetti
graviditeettien                         :P:Gen:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetteja                         :P:Par:                   graviditeetti
graviditeeteissa                        :P:Ine:                   graviditeetti
graviditeeteista                        :P:Ela:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetteihin                       :P:Ill:                   graviditeetti
graviditeeteilla                        :P:Ade:                   graviditeetti
graviditeeteilta                        :P:Abl:                   graviditeetti
graviditeeteille                        :P:All:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetteina                        :P:Ess:                   graviditeetti
graviditeeteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetein                          :P:Ins:                   graviditeetti
graviditeeteitta                        :P:Abe:                   graviditeetti
graviditeetteine                        :P:Kom:                   graviditeetti
gravis                                  :S:Nom:                   gravis
graviksen                               :S:Gen:                   gravis
gravista                                :S:Par:                   gravis
graviksessa                             :S:Ine:                   gravis
graviksesta                             :S:Ela:                   gravis
gravikseen                              :S:Ill:                   gravis
graviksella                             :S:Ade:                   gravis
gravikselta                             :S:Abl:                   gravis
gravikselle                             :S:All:                   gravis
graviksena                              :S:Ess:                   gravis
gravikseksi                             :S:Tra:                   gravis
graviksetta                             :S:Abe:                   gravis
gravikset                               :P:Nom:                   gravis
gravisten                               :P:Gen:                   gravis
graviksien                              :P:Gen:                   gravis
graviksia                               :P:Par:                   gravis
graviksissa                             :P:Ine:                   gravis
graviksista                             :P:Ela:                   gravis
graviksiin                              :P:Ill:                   gravis
graviksilla                             :P:Ade:                   gravis
graviksilta                             :P:Abl:                   gravis
graviksille                             :P:All:                   gravis
graviksina                              :P:Ess:                   gravis
graviksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gravis
graviksin                               :P:Ins:                   gravis
graviksitta                             :P:Abe:                   gravis
graviksine                              :P:Kom:                   gravis
gravisaksentti                          :S:Nom:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentin                          :S:Gen:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenttia                         :S:Par:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentissa                        :S:Ine:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentista                        :S:Ela:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenttiin                        :S:Ill:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentilla                        :S:Ade:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentilta                        :S:Abl:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentille                        :S:All:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenttina                        :S:Ess:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentiksi                        :S:Tra:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentitta                        :S:Abe:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentit                          :P:Nom:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenttien                        :P:Gen:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentteja                        :P:Par:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenteissa                       :P:Ine:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenteista                       :P:Ela:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentteihin                      :P:Ill:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenteilla                       :P:Ade:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenteilta                       :P:Abl:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenteille                       :P:All:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentteina                       :P:Ess:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentein                         :P:Ins:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksenteitta                       :P:Abe:                   gravisaksentti
gravisaksentteine                       :P:Kom:                   gravisaksentti
gravitaatio                             :S:Nom:                   gravitaatio
gravitaation                            :S:Gen:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiota                           :S:Par:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiossa                          :S:Ine:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiosta                          :S:Ela:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioon                           :S:Ill:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiolla                          :S:Ade:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiolta                          :S:Abl:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiolle                          :S:All:                   gravitaatio
gravitaationa                           :S:Ess:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioksi                          :S:Tra:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiotta                          :S:Abe:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiot                            :P:Nom:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioiden                         :P:Gen:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioitten                        :P:Gen:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioita                          :P:Par:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioissa                         :P:Ine:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioista                         :P:Ela:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioihin                         :P:Ill:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioilla                         :P:Ade:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioilta                         :P:Abl:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioille                         :P:All:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioina                          :P:Ess:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioin                           :P:Ins:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioitta                         :P:Abe:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatioine                          :P:Kom:                   gravitaatio
gravitaatiokenttä                       :S:Nom:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentän                       :S:Gen:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttää                      :S:Par:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentässä                     :S:Ine:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentästä                     :S:Ela:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttään                     :S:Ill:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentällä                     :S:Ade:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentältä                     :S:Abl:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentälle                     :S:All:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttänä                     :S:Ess:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentäksi                     :S:Tra:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentättä                     :S:Abe:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentät                       :P:Nom:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttien                     :P:Gen:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttäin                     :P:Gen:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttiä                      :P:Par:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentissä                     :P:Ine:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentistä                     :P:Ela:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttiin                     :P:Ill:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentillä                     :P:Ade:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentiltä                     :P:Abl:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentille                     :P:All:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttinä                     :P:Ess:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentiksi                     :P:Tra:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentin                       :P:Ins:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokentittä                     :P:Abe:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiokenttine                     :P:Kom:                   gravitaatiokenttä
gravitaatiovoima                        :S:Nom:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoiman                       :S:Gen:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimaa                       :S:Par:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimassa                     :S:Ine:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimasta                     :S:Ela:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimaan                      :S:Ill:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimalla                     :S:Ade:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimalta                     :S:Abl:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimalle                     :S:All:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimana                      :S:Ess:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimaksi                     :S:Tra:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimatta                     :S:Abe:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimat                       :P:Nom:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimien                      :P:Gen:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimain                      :P:Gen:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimia                       :P:Par:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimissa                     :P:Ine:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimista                     :P:Ela:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimiin                      :P:Ill:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimilla                     :P:Ade:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimilta                     :P:Abl:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimille                     :P:All:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimina                      :P:Ess:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimiksi                     :P:Tra:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimin                       :P:Ins:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimitta                     :P:Abe:                   gravitaatiovoima
gravitaatiovoimine                      :P:Kom:                   gravitaatiovoima
gray                                    :S:Nom:                   gray
grayn                                   :S:Gen:                   gray
grayta                                  :S:Par:                   gray
grayssa                                 :S:Ine:                   gray
graysta                                 :S:Ela:                   gray
grayhen                                 :S:Ill:                   gray
graylla                                 :S:Ade:                   gray
graylta                                 :S:Abl:                   gray
graylle                                 :S:All:                   gray
grayna                                  :S:Ess:                   gray
grayksi                                 :S:Tra:                   gray
graytta                                 :S:Abe:                   gray
grayt                                   :P:Nom:                   gray
grayiden                                :P:Gen:                   gray
grayita                                 :P:Par:                   gray
grayissa                                :P:Ine:                   gray
grayista                                :P:Ela:                   gray
grayihin                                :P:Ill:                   gray
grayilla                                :P:Ade:                   gray
grayilta                                :P:Abl:                   gray
grayille                                :P:All:                   gray
grayina                                 :P:Ess:                   gray
grayiksi                                :P:Tra:                   gray
grayin                                  :P:Ins:                   gray
grayitta                                :P:Abe:                   gray
grayine                                 :P:Kom:                   gray
gregoriaaninen                          :S:Nom:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisen                          :S:Gen:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanista                          :S:Par:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisessa                        :S:Ine:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisesta                        :S:Ela:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaaniseen                         :S:Ill:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisella                        :S:Ade:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaaniselta                        :S:Abl:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaaniselle                        :S:All:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisena                         :S:Ess:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaaniseksi                        :S:Tra:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisetta                        :S:Abe:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaaniset                          :P:Nom:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisten                         :P:Gen:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisin                          :P:Gen:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisia                          :P:Par:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisissa                        :P:Ine:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisista                        :P:Ela:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisiin                         :P:Ill:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisilla                        :P:Ade:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisilta                        :P:Abl:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisille                        :P:All:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisina                         :P:Ess:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisin                          :P:Ins:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisitta                        :P:Abe:                   gregoriaaninen
gregoriaanisine                         :P:Kom:                   gregoriaaninen
greippi                                 :S:Nom:                   greippi
greipin                                 :S:Gen:                   greippi
greippiä                                :S:Par:                   greippi
greipissä                               :S:Ine:                   greippi
greipistä                               :S:Ela:                   greippi
greippiin                               :S:Ill:                   greippi
greipillä                               :S:Ade:                   greippi
greipiltä                               :S:Abl:                   greippi
greipille                               :S:All:                   greippi
greippinä                               :S:Ess:                   greippi
greipiksi                               :S:Tra:                   greippi
greipittä                               :S:Abe:                   greippi
greipit                                 :P:Nom:                   greippi
greippien                               :P:Gen:                   greippi
greippejä                               :P:Par:                   greippi
greipeissä                              :P:Ine:                   greippi
greipeistä                              :P:Ela:                   greippi
greippeihin                             :P:Ill:                   greippi
greipeillä                              :P:Ade:                   greippi
greipeiltä                              :P:Abl:                   greippi
greipeille                              :P:All:                   greippi
greippeinä                              :P:Ess:                   greippi
greipeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   greippi
greipein                                :P:Ins:                   greippi
greipeittä                              :P:Abe:                   greippi
greippeine                              :P:Kom:                   greippi
greippimehu                             :S:Nom:                   greippimehu
greippimehun                            :S:Gen:                   greippimehu
greippimehua                            :S:Par:                   greippimehu
greippimehussa                          :S:Ine:                   greippimehu
greippimehusta                          :S:Ela:                   greippimehu
greippimehuun                           :S:Ill:                   greippimehu
greippimehulla                          :S:Ade:                   greippimehu
greippimehulta                          :S:Abl:                   greippimehu
greippimehulle                          :S:All:                   greippimehu
greippimehuna                           :S:Ess:                   greippimehu
greippi-mehuksi                         :S:Tra:                   greippimehu
greippimehutta                          :S:Abe:                   greippimehu
greippimehut                            :P:Nom:                   greippimehu
greippimehujen                          :P:Gen:                   greippimehu
greippimehuja                           :P:Par:                   greippimehu
greippimehuissa                         :P:Ine:                   greippimehu
greippimehuista                         :P:Ela:                   greippimehu
greippimehuihin                         :P:Ill:                   greippimehu
greippimehuilla                         :P:Ade:                   greippimehu
greippimehuilta                         :P:Abl:                   greippimehu
greippimehuille                         :P:All:                   greippimehu
greippimehuina                          :P:Ess:                   greippimehu
greippi-mehuiksi                        :P:Tra:                   greippimehu
greippimehuin                           :P:Ins:                   greippimehu
greippimehuitta                         :P:Abe:                   greippimehu
greippimehuine                          :P:Kom:                   greippimehu
griljeeraan                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          griljeerata
griljeeraat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeeraamme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeeraatte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeeraavat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerataan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerata                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
griljeerasin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          griljeerata
griljeerasit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeerasi                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeerasimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeerasitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeerasivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
griljeerannen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          griljeerata
griljeerannet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeerannee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeerannemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeerannette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeerannevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeeranne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
griljeeraisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          griljeerata
griljeeraisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeeraisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeeraisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeeraisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeeraisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeeraisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeraisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeeratkoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeeratkaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeeratkaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeeratkoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeeraa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeratko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeratko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeratko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeratko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeerata                             :Inf1:                    griljeerata
griljeeratakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  griljeerata
griljeeratessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            griljeerata
griljeerattaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            griljeerata
griljeeraten                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            griljeerata
griljeeraamassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            griljeerata
griljeeraamasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            griljeerata
griljeeraamaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            griljeerata
griljeeraamalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            griljeerata
griljeeraamatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            griljeerata
griljeeraaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            griljeerata
griljeerattaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            griljeerata
griljeeraaminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                griljeerata
griljeeraamista                         :Inf4:Par:                griljeerata
griljeeraamaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    griljeerata
griljeeraava                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             griljeerata
griljeerattava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeeraama                            :Cip:Age:                 griljeerata
griljeeraamaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             griljeerata
griljeerannut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeeranneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      griljeerata
griljeerattu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         griljeerata
grillaan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          grillata
grillaat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillaamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillaatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillaavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillataan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             grillata
grillaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      grillata
grillaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillata                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillasin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          grillata
grillasit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillasi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillasimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillasitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillasivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillannen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          grillata
grillannet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillannee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillannemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillannette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillannevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             grillata
grillanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      grillata
grillanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          grillata
grillaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             grillata
grillaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      grillata
grillaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillatkoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillatkaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillatkaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillatkoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             grillata
grillaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             grillata
grillata                                :Inf1:                    grillata
grillatakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  grillata
grillatessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            grillata
grillattaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            grillata
grillaten                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            grillata
grillaamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            grillata
grillaamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            grillata
grillaamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            grillata
grillaamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            grillata
grillaamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            grillata
grillaaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            grillata
grillattaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            grillata
grillaaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                grillata
grillaamista                            :Inf4:Par:                grillata
grillaamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    grillata
grillaava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             grillata
grillattava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             grillata
grillannut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             grillata
grillattu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             grillata
grillaama                               :Cip:Age:                 grillata
grillaamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          grillata
grillannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             grillata
grillannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          grillata
grillannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          grillata
grillannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             grillata
grillannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      grillata
grillannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillannut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          grillata
grillanneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          grillata
grillattu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             grillata
grillannut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      grillata
grillanneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      grillata
grillattu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         grillata
grillaus                                :S:Nom:                   grillaus
grillauksen                             :S:Gen:                   grillaus
grillausta                              :S:Par:                   grillaus
grillauksessa                           :S:Ine:                   grillaus
grillauksesta                           :S:Ela:                   grillaus
grillaukseen                            :S:Ill:                   grillaus
grillauksella                           :S:Ade:                   grillaus
grillaukselta                           :S:Abl:                   grillaus
grillaukselle                           :S:All:                   grillaus
grillauksena                            :S:Ess:                   grillaus
grillaukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   grillaus
grillauksetta                           :S:Abe:                   grillaus
grillaukset                             :P:Nom:                   grillaus
grillausten                             :P:Gen:                   grillaus
grillauksien                            :P:Gen:                   grillaus
grillauksia                             :P:Par:                   grillaus
grillauksissa                           :P:Ine:                   grillaus
grillauksista                           :P:Ela:                   grillaus
grillauksiin                            :P:Ill:                   grillaus
grillauksilla                           :P:Ade:                   grillaus
grillauksilta                           :P:Abl:                   grillaus
grillauksille                           :P:All:                   grillaus
grillauksina                            :P:Ess:                   grillaus
grillauksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   grillaus
grillauksin                             :P:Ins:                   grillaus
grillauksitta                           :P:Abe:                   grillaus
grillauksine                            :P:Kom:                   grillaus
grillauskastike                         :S:Nom:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeen                      :S:Gen:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastiketta                      :S:Par:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeessa                    :S:Ine:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeesta                    :S:Ela:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeeseen                   :S:Ill:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeella                    :S:Ade:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeelta                    :S:Abl:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeelle                    :S:All:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeena                     :S:Ess:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeeksi                    :S:Tra:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeetta                    :S:Abe:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeet                      :P:Nom:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeiden                    :P:Gen:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikeitten                    :P:Gen:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeita                     :P:Par:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeissa                    :P:Ine:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeista                    :P:Ela:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeisiin                   :P:Ill:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeihin                    :P:Ill:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeilla                    :P:Ade:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeilta                    :P:Abl:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeille                    :P:All:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeina                     :P:Ess:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeiksi                    :P:Tra:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkein                      :P:Ins:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeitta                    :P:Abe:                   grillauskastike
grillauskastikkeine                     :P:Kom:                   grillauskastike
grillausmauste                          :S:Nom:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteen                        :S:Gen:                   grillausmauste
grillausmaustetta                       :S:Par:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteessa                      :S:Ine:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteesta                      :S:Ela:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteeseen                     :S:Ill:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteella                      :S:Ade:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteelta                      :S:Abl:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteelle                      :S:All:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteena                       :S:Ess:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteeksi                      :S:Tra:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteetta                      :S:Abe:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteet                        :P:Nom:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteiden                      :P:Gen:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteitten                     :P:Gen:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteita                       :P:Par:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteissa                      :P:Ine:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteista                      :P:Ela:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteisiin                     :P:Ill:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteihin                      :P:Ill:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteilla                      :P:Ade:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteilta                      :P:Abl:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteille                      :P:All:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteina                       :P:Ess:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteiksi                      :P:Tra:                   grillausmauste
grillausmaustein                        :P:Ins:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteitta                      :P:Abe:                   grillausmauste
grillausmausteine                       :P:Kom:                   grillausmauste
grillauspihti                           :S:Nom:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdin                          :S:Gen:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihtiä                          :S:Par:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdissä                        :S:Ine:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdistä                        :S:Ela:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihtiin                         :S:Ill:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdillä                        :S:Ade:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdiltä                        :S:Abl:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdille                        :S:All:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihtinä                         :S:Ess:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdiksi                        :S:Tra:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdittä                        :S:Abe:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdit                          :P:Nom:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihtien                         :P:Gen:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihtejä                         :P:Par:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdeissä                       :P:Ine:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdeistä                       :P:Ela:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihteihin                       :P:Ill:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdeillä                       :P:Ade:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdeiltä                       :P:Abl:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdeille                       :P:All:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihteinä                        :P:Ess:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdein                         :P:Ins:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihdeittä                       :P:Abe:                   grillauspihdit
grillauspihteine                        :P:Kom:                   grillauspihdit
grilli                                  :S:Nom:                   grilli
grillin                                 :S:Gen:                   grilli
grilliä                                 :S:Par:                   grilli
grillissä                               :S:Ine:                   grilli
grillistä                               :S:Ela:                   grilli
grilliin                                :S:Ill:                   grilli
grillillä                               :S:Ade:                   grilli
grilliltä                               :S:Abl:                   grilli
grillille                               :S:All:                   grilli
grillinä                                :S:Ess:                   grilli
grilliksi                               :S:Tra:                   grilli
grillittä                               :S:Abe:                   grilli
grillit                                 :P:Nom:                   grilli
grillien                                :P:Gen:                   grilli
grillejä                                :P:Par:                   grilli
grilleissä                              :P:Ine:                   grilli
grilleistä                              :P:Ela:                   grilli
grilleihin                              :P:Ill:                   grilli
grilleillä                              :P:Ade:                   grilli
grilleiltä                              :P:Abl:                   grilli
grilleille                              :P:All:                   grilli
grilleinä                               :P:Ess:                   grilli
grilleiksi                              :P:Tra:                   grilli
grillein                                :P:Ins:                   grilli
grilleittä                              :P:Abe:                   grilli
grilleine                               :P:Kom:                   grilli
grilli-hiili                            :S:Nom:                   grillihiili
grillihiilen                            :S:Gen:                   grillihiili
grillihiiltä                            :S:Par:                   grillihiili
grillihiilessä                          :S:Ine:                   grillihiili
grillihiilestä                          :S:Ela:                   grillihiili
grillihiileen                           :S:Ill:                   grillihiili
grillihiilellä                          :S:Ade:                   grillihiili
grillihiileltä                          :S:Abl:                   grillihiili
grillihiilelle                          :S:All:                   grillihiili
grillihiilenä                           :S:Ess:                   grillihiili
grilli-hiileksi                         :S:Tra:                   grillihiili
grillihiilettä                          :S:Abe:                   grillihiili
grillihiilet                            :P:Nom:                   grillihiili
grillihiilien                           :P:Gen:                   grillihiili
grillihiilten                           :P:Gen:                   grillihiili
grillihiiliä                            :P:Par:                   grillihiili
grillihiilissä                          :P:Ine:                   grillihiili
grillihiilistä                          :P:Ela:                   grillihiili
grillihiiliin                           :P:Ill:                   grillihiili
grillihiilillä                          :P:Ade:                   grillihiili
grillihiililtä                          :P:Abl:                   grillihiili
grillihiilille                          :P:All:                   grillihiili
grillihiilinä                           :P:Ess:                   grillihiili
grilli-hiiliksi                         :P:Tra:                   grillihiili
grillihiilin                            :P:Ins:                   grillihiili
grillihiilittä                          :P:Abe:                   grillihiili
grillihiiline                           :P:Kom:                   grillihiili
grillikastike                           :S:Nom:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeen                        :S:Gen:                   grillikastike
grillikastiketta                        :S:Par:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeessa                      :S:Ine:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeesta                      :S:Ela:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeeseen                     :S:Ill:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeella                      :S:Ade:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeelta                      :S:Abl:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeelle                      :S:All:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeena                       :S:Ess:                   grillikastike
grilli-kastikkeeksi                     :S:Tra:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeetta                      :S:Abe:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeet                        :P:Nom:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeiden                      :P:Gen:                   grillikastike
grillikastikeitten                      :P:Gen:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeita                       :P:Par:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeissa                      :P:Ine:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeista                      :P:Ela:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeisiin                     :P:Ill:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeihin                      :P:Ill:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeilla                      :P:Ade:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeilta                      :P:Abl:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeille                      :P:All:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeina                       :P:Ess:                   grillikastike
grilli-kastikkeiksi                     :P:Tra:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkein                        :P:Ins:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeitta                      :P:Abe:                   grillikastike
grillikastikkeine                       :P:Kom:                   grillikastike
grillikyljys                            :S:Nom:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksen                         :S:Gen:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljystä                          :S:Par:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljykseen                        :S:Ill:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljykselle                       :S:All:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   grillikyljys
grilli-kyljykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljykset                         :P:Nom:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljysten                         :P:Gen:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksien                        :P:Gen:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksiä                         :P:Par:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksille                       :P:All:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   grillikyljys
grilli-kyljyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksin                         :P:Ins:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   grillikyljys
grillikyljyksine                        :P:Kom:                   grillikyljys
grilli-kylki                            :S:Nom:                   grillikylki
grillikyljen                            :S:Gen:                   grillikylki
grillikylkeä                            :S:Par:                   grillikylki
grillikyljessä                          :S:Ine:                   grillikylki
grillikyljestä                          :S:Ela:                   grillikylki
grillikylkeen                           :S:Ill:                   grillikylki
grillikyljellä                          :S:Ade:                   grillikylki
grillikyljeltä                          :S:Abl:                   grillikylki
grillikyljelle                          :S:All:                   grillikylki
grillikylkenä                           :S:Ess:                   grillikylki
grilli-kyljeksi                         :S:Tra:                   grillikylki
grillikyljettä                          :S:Abe:                   grillikylki
grillikyljet                            :P:Nom:                   grillikylki
grillikylkien                           :P:Gen:                   grillikylki
grillikylkiä                            :P:Par:                   grillikylki
grillikyljissä                          :P:Ine:                   grillikylki
grillikyljistä                          :P:Ela:                   grillikylki
grillikylkiin                           :P:Ill:                   grillikylki
grillikyljillä                          :P:Ade:                   grillikylki
grillikyljiltä                          :P:Abl:                   grillikylki
grillikyljille                          :P:All:                   grillikylki
grillikylkinä                           :P:Ess:                   grillikylki
grilli-kyljiksi                         :P:Tra:                   grillikylki
grillikyljin                            :P:Ins:                   grillikylki
grillikyljittä                          :P:Abe:                   grillikylki
grillikylkine                           :P:Kom:                   grillikylki
grillimakkara                           :S:Nom:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaran                          :S:Gen:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaraa                          :S:Par:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkarassa                        :S:Ine:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkarasta                        :S:Ela:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaraan                         :S:Ill:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaralla                        :S:Ade:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaralta                        :S:Abl:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaralle                        :S:All:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkarana                         :S:Ess:                   grillimakkara
grilli-makkaraksi                       :S:Tra:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaratta                        :S:Abe:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkarat                          :P:Nom:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroiden                       :P:Gen:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroitten                      :P:Gen:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkarain                         :P:Gen:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroita                        :P:Par:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroissa                       :P:Ine:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroista                       :P:Ela:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroihin                       :P:Ill:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroilla                       :P:Ade:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroilta                       :P:Abl:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroille                       :P:All:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroina                        :P:Ess:                   grillimakkara
grilli-makkaroiksi                      :P:Tra:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroin                         :P:Ins:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroitta                       :P:Abe:                   grillimakkara
grillimakkaroine                        :P:Kom:                   grillimakkara
grillimauste                            :S:Nom:                   grillimauste
grillimausteen                          :S:Gen:                   grillimauste
grillimaustetta                         :S:Par:                   grillimauste
grillimausteessa                        :S:Ine:                   grillimauste
grillimausteesta                        :S:Ela:                   grillimauste
grillimausteeseen                       :S:Ill:                   grillimauste
grillimausteella                        :S:Ade:                   grillimauste
grillimausteelta                        :S:Abl:                   grillimauste
grillimausteelle                        :S:All:                   grillimauste
grillimausteena                         :S:Ess:                   grillimauste
grilli-mausteeksi                       :S:Tra:                   grillimauste
grillimausteetta                        :S:Abe:                   grillimauste
grillimausteet                          :P:Nom:                   grillimauste
grillimausteiden                        :P:Gen:                   grillimauste
grillimausteitten                       :P:Gen:                   grillimauste
grillimausteita                         :P:Par:                   grillimauste
grillimausteissa                        :P:Ine:                   grillimauste
grillimausteista                        :P:Ela:                   grillimauste
grillimausteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   grillimauste
grillimausteihin                        :P:Ill:                   grillimauste
grillimausteilla                        :P:Ade:                   grillimauste
grillimausteilta                        :P:Abl:                   grillimauste
grillimausteille                        :P:All:                   grillimauste
grillimausteina                         :P:Ess:                   grillimauste
grilli-mausteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   grillimauste
grillimaustein                          :P:Ins:                   grillimauste
grillimausteitta                        :P:Abe:                   grillimauste
grillimausteine                         :P:Kom:                   grillimauste
grilli-pihti                            :S:Nom:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdin                            :S:Gen:                   grillipihdit
grillipihtiä                            :S:Par:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdissä                          :S:Ine:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdistä                          :S:Ela:                   grillipihdit
grillipihtiin                           :S:Ill:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdillä                          :S:Ade:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdiltä                          :S:Abl:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdille                          :S:All:                   grillipihdit
grillipihtinä                           :S:Ess:                   grillipihdit
grilli-pihdiksi                         :S:Tra:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdittä                          :S:Abe:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdit                            :P:Nom:                   grillipihdit
grillipihtien                           :P:Gen:                   grillipihdit
grillipihtejä                           :P:Par:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdeissä                         :P:Ine:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdeistä                         :P:Ela:                   grillipihdit
grillipihteihin                         :P:Ill:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdeillä                         :P:Ade:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdeille                         :P:All:                   grillipihdit
grillipihteinä                          :P:Ess:                   grillipihdit
grilli-pihdeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdein                           :P:Ins:                   grillipihdit
grillipihdeittä                         :P:Abe:                   grillipihdit
grillipihteine                          :P:Kom:                   grillipihdit
grilli-pihvi                            :S:Nom:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvin                            :S:Gen:                   grillipihvi
grillipihviä                            :S:Par:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvissä                          :S:Ine:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvistä                          :S:Ela:                   grillipihvi
grillipihviin                           :S:Ill:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvillä                          :S:Ade:                   grillipihvi
grillipihviltä                          :S:Abl:                   grillipihvi
grillipihville                          :S:All:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvinä                           :S:Ess:                   grillipihvi
grilli-pihviksi                         :S:Tra:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvittä                          :S:Abe:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvit                            :P:Nom:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvien                           :P:Gen:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvejä                           :P:Par:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveissä                         :P:Ine:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveistä                         :P:Ela:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveihin                         :P:Ill:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveillä                         :P:Ade:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveiltä                         :P:Abl:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveille                         :P:All:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveinä                          :P:Ess:                   grillipihvi
grilli-pihveiksi                        :P:Tra:                   grillipihvi
grillipihvein                           :P:Ins:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveittä                         :P:Abe:                   grillipihvi
grillipihveine                          :P:Kom:                   grillipihvi
grilliravintola                         :S:Nom:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolan                        :S:Gen:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolaa                        :S:Par:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolassa                      :S:Ine:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolasta                      :S:Ela:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolaan                       :S:Ill:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolalla                      :S:Ade:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolalta                      :S:Abl:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolalle                      :S:All:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolana                       :S:Ess:                   grilliravintola
grilli-ravintolaksi                     :S:Tra:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolatta                      :S:Abe:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolat                        :P:Nom:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloiden                     :P:Gen:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloitten                    :P:Gen:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintolain                       :P:Gen:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloita                      :P:Par:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloissa                     :P:Ine:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloista                     :P:Ela:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloihin                     :P:Ill:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloilla                     :P:Ade:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloilta                     :P:Abl:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloille                     :P:All:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloina                      :P:Ess:                   grilliravintola
grilli-ravintoloiksi                    :P:Tra:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloin                       :P:Ins:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloitta                     :P:Abe:                   grilliravintola
grilliravintoloine                      :P:Kom:                   grilliravintola
grilliruoka                             :S:Nom:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoan                             :S:Gen:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokaa                            :S:Par:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoassa                           :S:Ine:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoasta                           :S:Ela:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokaan                           :S:Ill:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoalla                           :S:Ade:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoalta                           :S:Abl:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoalle                           :S:All:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokana                           :S:Ess:                   grilliruoka
grilli-ruoaksi                          :S:Tra:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoatta                           :S:Abe:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoat                             :P:Nom:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokien                           :P:Gen:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokain                           :P:Gen:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokia                            :P:Par:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoissa                           :P:Ine:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoista                           :P:Ela:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokiin                           :P:Ill:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoilla                           :P:Ade:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoilta                           :P:Abl:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoille                           :P:All:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokina                           :P:Ess:                   grilliruoka
grilli-ruoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoin                             :P:Ins:                   grilliruoka
grilliruoitta                           :P:Abe:                   grilliruoka
grilliruokine                           :P:Kom:                   grilliruoka
grilli-uuni                             :S:Nom:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunin                             :S:Gen:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunia                             :S:Par:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunissa                           :S:Ine:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunista                           :S:Ela:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuniin                            :S:Ill:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunilla                           :S:Ade:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunilta                           :S:Abl:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunille                           :S:All:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunina                            :S:Ess:                   grilliuuni
grilli-uuniksi                          :S:Tra:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunitta                           :S:Abe:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunit                             :P:Nom:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunien                            :P:Gen:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneja                            :P:Par:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneissa                          :P:Ine:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneista                          :P:Ela:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneihin                          :P:Ill:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneilla                          :P:Ade:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneilta                          :P:Abl:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneille                          :P:All:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneina                           :P:Ess:                   grilliuuni
grilli-uuneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   grilliuuni
grilliuunein                            :P:Ins:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneitta                          :P:Abe:                   grilliuuni
grilliuuneine                           :P:Kom:                   grilliuuni
grogi                                   :S:Nom:                   grogi
grogin                                  :S:Gen:                   grogi
grogia                                  :S:Par:                   grogi
grogissa                                :S:Ine:                   grogi
grogista                                :S:Ela:                   grogi
grogiin                                 :S:Ill:                   grogi
grogilla                                :S:Ade:                   grogi
grogilta                                :S:Abl:                   grogi
grogille                                :S:All:                   grogi
grogina                                 :S:Ess:                   grogi
grogiksi                                :S:Tra:                   grogi
grogitta                                :S:Abe:                   grogi
grogit                                  :P:Nom:                   grogi
grogien                                 :P:Gen:                   grogi
grogeja                                 :P:Par:                   grogi
grogeissa                               :P:Ine:                   grogi
grogeista                               :P:Ela:                   grogi
grogeihin                               :P:Ill:                   grogi
grogeilla                               :P:Ade:                   grogi
grogeilta                               :P:Abl:                   grogi
grogeille                               :P:All:                   grogi
grogeina                                :P:Ess:                   grogi
grogeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   grogi
grogein                                 :P:Ins:                   grogi
grogeitta                               :P:Abe:                   grogi
grogeine                                :P:Kom:                   grogi
grogi-lasi                              :S:Nom:                   grogilasi
grogilasin                              :S:Gen:                   grogilasi
grogilasia                              :S:Par:                   grogilasi
grogilasissa                            :S:Ine:                   grogilasi
grogilasista                            :S:Ela:                   grogilasi
grogilasiin                             :S:Ill:                   grogilasi
grogilasilla                            :S:Ade:                   grogilasi
grogilasilta                            :S:Abl:                   grogilasi
grogilasille                            :S:All:                   grogilasi
grogilasina                             :S:Ess:                   grogilasi
grogi-lasiksi                           :S:Tra:                   grogilasi
grogilasitta                            :S:Abe:                   grogilasi
grogilasit                              :P:Nom:                   grogilasi
grogilasien                             :P:Gen:                   grogilasi
grogilaseja                             :P:Par:                   grogilasi
grogilaseissa                           :P:Ine:                   grogilasi
grogilaseista                           :P:Ela:                   grogilasi
grogilaseihin                           :P:Ill:                   grogilasi
grogilaseilla                           :P:Ade:                   grogilasi
grogilaseilta                           :P:Abl:                   grogilasi
grogilaseille                           :P:All:                   grogilasi
grogilaseina                            :P:Ess:                   grogilasi
grogi-laseiksi                          :P:Tra:                   grogilasi
grogilasein                             :P:Ins:                   grogilasi
grogilaseitta                           :P:Abe:                   grogilasi
grogilaseine                            :P:Kom:                   grogilasi
groteski                                :S:Nom:                   groteski
groteskin                               :S:Gen:                   groteski
groteskia                               :S:Par:                   groteski
groteskissa                             :S:Ine:                   groteski
groteskista                             :S:Ela:                   groteski
groteskiin                              :S:Ill:                   groteski
groteskilla                             :S:Ade:                   groteski
groteskilta                             :S:Abl:                   groteski
groteskille                             :S:All:                   groteski
groteskina                              :S:Ess:                   groteski
groteskiksi                             :S:Tra:                   groteski
groteskitta                             :S:Abe:                   groteski
groteskit                               :P:Nom:                   groteski
groteskien                              :P:Gen:                   groteski
groteskeja                              :P:Par:                   groteski
groteskeissa                            :P:Ine:                   groteski
groteskeista                            :P:Ela:                   groteski
groteskeihin                            :P:Ill:                   groteski
groteskeilla                            :P:Ade:                   groteski
groteskeilta                            :P:Abl:                   groteski
groteskeille                            :P:All:                   groteski
groteskeina                             :P:Ess:                   groteski
groteskeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   groteski
groteskein                              :P:Ins:                   groteski
groteskeitta                            :P:Abe:                   groteski
groteskeine                             :P:Kom:                   groteski
gruyère                                 :S:Nom:                   gruyère
gruyèren                                :S:Gen:                   gruyère
gruyèrea                                :S:Par:                   gruyère
gruyèressa                              :S:Ine:                   gruyère
gruyèresta                              :S:Ela:                   gruyère
gruyèreen                               :S:Ill:                   gruyère
gruyèrella                              :S:Ade:                   gruyère
gruyèrelta                              :S:Abl:                   gruyère
gruyèrelle                              :S:All:                   gruyère
gruyèrena                               :S:Ess:                   gruyère
gruyèreksi                              :S:Tra:                   gruyère
gruyèretta                              :S:Abe:                   gruyère
gruyèret                                :P:Nom:                   gruyère
gruyèrejen                              :P:Gen:                   gruyère
gruyèrein                               :P:Gen:                   gruyère
gruyèreja                               :P:Par:                   gruyère
gruyèreissa                             :P:Ine:                   gruyère
gruyèreista                             :P:Ela:                   gruyère
gruyèreihin                             :P:Ill:                   gruyère
gruyèreilla                             :P:Ade:                   gruyère
gruyèreilta                             :P:Abl:                   gruyère
gruyèreille                             :P:All:                   gruyère
gruyèreina                              :P:Ess:                   gruyère
gruyèreiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gruyère
gruyèrein                               :P:Ins:                   gruyère
gruyèreitta                             :P:Abe:                   gruyère
gruyèreine                              :P:Kom:                   gruyère
gruyèrejuusto                           :S:Nom:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuuston                          :S:Gen:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoa                          :S:Par:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustossa                        :S:Ine:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustosta                        :S:Ela:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoon                         :S:Ill:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustolla                        :S:Ade:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustolta                        :S:Abl:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyère-juustolle                       :S:All:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustona                         :S:Ess:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoksi                        :S:Tra:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustotta                        :S:Abe:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustot                          :P:Nom:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustojen                        :P:Gen:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoja                         :P:Par:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoissa                       :P:Ine:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoista                       :P:Ela:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoihin                       :P:Ill:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoilla                       :P:Ade:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoilta                       :P:Abl:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyère-juustoille                      :P:All:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoina                        :P:Ess:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoin                         :P:Ins:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrejuustoitta                       :P:Abe:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyère-juustoine                       :P:Kom:                   gruyèrejuusto
gruyèrenjuusto                          :S:Nom:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuuston                         :S:Gen:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoa                         :S:Par:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustossa                       :S:Ine:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustosta                       :S:Ela:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoon                        :S:Ill:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustolla                       :S:Ade:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustolta                       :S:Abl:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustolle                       :S:All:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustona                        :S:Ess:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoksi                       :S:Tra:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustotta                       :S:Abe:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustot                         :P:Nom:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustojen                       :P:Gen:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoja                        :P:Par:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoissa                      :P:Ine:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoista                      :P:Ela:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoihin                      :P:Ill:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoilla                      :P:Ade:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoilta                      :P:Abl:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoille                      :P:All:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoina                       :P:Ess:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoin                        :P:Ins:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoitta                      :P:Abe:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gruyèrenjuustoine                       :P:Kom:                   gruyèrenjuusto
gryndaan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          gryndata
gryndaat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndaamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndaatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndaavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndataan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndata                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndasin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          gryndata
gryndasit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndasi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndasimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndasitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndasivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndannen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          gryndata
gryndannet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndannee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndannemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndannette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndannevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             gryndata
gryndanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          gryndata
gryndaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             gryndata
gryndaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndatkoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndatkaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndatkaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndatkoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gryndata
gryndaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndatko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             gryndata
gryndata                                :Inf1:                    gryndata
gryndatakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  gryndata
gryndatessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            gryndata
gryndattaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            gryndata
gryndaten                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            gryndata
gryndaamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            gryndata
gryndaamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            gryndata
gryndaamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            gryndata
gryndaamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            gryndata
gryndaamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            gryndata
gryndaaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            gryndata
gryndattaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            gryndata
gryndaaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                gryndata
gryndaamista                            :Inf4:Par:                gryndata
gryndaamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    gryndata
gryndaava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             gryndata
gryndattava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             gryndata
gryndannut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             gryndata
gryndattu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             gryndata
gryndaama                               :Cip:Age:                 gryndata
gryndaamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          gryndata
gryndannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             gryndata
gryndannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          gryndata
gryndannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          gryndata
gryndannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             gryndata
gryndannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndannut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndannut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          gryndata
gryndattu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             gryndata
gryndannut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndanneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      gryndata
gryndattu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         gryndata
gryndaus                                :S:Nom:                   gryndaus
gryndauksen                             :S:Gen:                   gryndaus
gryndausta                              :S:Par:                   gryndaus
gryndauksessa                           :S:Ine:                   gryndaus
gryndauksesta                           :S:Ela:                   gryndaus
gryndaukseen                            :S:Ill:                   gryndaus
gryndauksella                           :S:Ade:                   gryndaus
gryndaukselta                           :S:Abl:                   gryndaus
gryndaukselle                           :S:All:                   gryndaus
gryndauksena                            :S:Ess:                   gryndaus
gryndaukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   gryndaus
gryndauksetta                           :S:Abe:                   gryndaus
gryndaukset                             :P:Nom:                   gryndaus
gryndausten                             :P:Gen:                   gryndaus
gryndauksien                            :P:Gen:                   gryndaus
gryndauksia                             :P:Par:                   gryndaus
gryndauksissa                           :P:Ine:                   gryndaus
gryndauksista                           :P:Ela:                   gryndaus
gryndauksiin                            :P:Ill:                   gryndaus
gryndauksilla                           :P:Ade:                   gryndaus
gryndauksilta                           :P:Abl:                   gryndaus
gryndauksille                           :P:All:                   gryndaus
gryndauksina                            :P:Ess:                   gryndaus
gryndauksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gryndaus
gryndauksin                             :P:Ins:                   gryndaus
gryndauksitta                           :P:Abe:                   gryndaus
gryndauksine                            :P:Kom:                   gryndaus
grynderi                                :S:Nom:                   grynderi
grynderin                               :S:Gen:                   grynderi
grynderiä                               :S:Par:                   grynderi
grynderissä                             :S:Ine:                   grynderi
grynderistä                             :S:Ela:                   grynderi
grynderiin                              :S:Ill:                   grynderi
grynderillä                             :S:Ade:                   grynderi
grynderiltä                             :S:Abl:                   grynderi
grynderille                             :S:All:                   grynderi
grynderinä                              :S:Ess:                   grynderi
grynderiksi                             :S:Tra:                   grynderi
grynderittä                             :S:Abe:                   grynderi
grynderit                               :P:Nom:                   grynderi
grynderien                              :P:Gen:                   grynderi
gryndereiden                            :P:Gen:                   grynderi
gryndereitten                           :P:Gen:                   grynderi
grynderejä                              :P:Par:                   grynderi
gryndereitä                             :P:Par:                   grynderi
gryndereissä                            :P:Ine:                   grynderi
gryndereistä                            :P:Ela:                   grynderi
gryndereihin                            :P:Ill:                   grynderi
gryndereillä                            :P:Ade:                   grynderi
gryndereiltä                            :P:Abl:                   grynderi
gryndereille                            :P:All:                   grynderi
gryndereinä                             :P:Ess:                   grynderi
gryndereiksi                            :P:Tra:                   grynderi
grynderein                              :P:Ins:                   grynderi
gryndereittä                            :P:Abe:                   grynderi
gryndereine                             :P:Kom:                   grynderi
grynderitoiminta                        :S:Nom:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnan                       :S:Gen:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintaa                       :S:Par:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnassa                     :S:Ine:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnasta                     :S:Ela:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintaan                      :S:Ill:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnalla                     :S:Ade:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnalta                     :S:Abl:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnalle                     :S:All:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintana                      :S:Ess:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderi-toiminnaksi                    :S:Tra:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnatta                     :S:Abe:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnat                       :P:Nom:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintojen                     :P:Gen:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintain                      :P:Gen:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintoja                      :P:Par:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnoissa                    :P:Ine:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnoista                    :P:Ela:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintoihin                    :P:Ill:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnoilla                    :P:Ade:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnoilta                    :P:Abl:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnoille                    :P:All:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintoina                     :P:Ess:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderi-toiminnoiksi                   :P:Tra:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnoin                      :P:Ins:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoiminnoitta                    :P:Abe:                   grynderitoiminta
grynderitoimintoine                     :P:Kom:                   grynderitoiminta
grönlanninvalas                         :S:Nom:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaan                        :S:Gen:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalasta                       :S:Par:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaassa                      :S:Ine:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaasta                      :S:Ela:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaaseen                     :S:Ill:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaalla                      :S:Ade:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaalta                      :S:Abl:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaalle                      :S:All:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaana                       :S:Ess:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaaksi                      :S:Tra:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaatta                      :S:Abe:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaat                        :P:Nom:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaiden                      :P:Gen:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaitten                     :P:Gen:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaita                       :P:Par:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaissa                      :P:Ine:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaista                      :P:Ela:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalailla                      :P:Ade:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalailta                      :P:Abl:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaille                      :P:All:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaina                       :P:Ess:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaiksi                      :P:Tra:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalain                        :P:Ins:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaitta                      :P:Abe:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanninvalaine                       :P:Kom:                   grönlanninvalas
grönlanti                               :S:Nom:                   grönlanti
grönlannin                              :S:Gen:                   grönlanti
grönlantia                              :S:Par:                   grönlanti
grönlannissa                            :S:Ine:                   grönlanti
grönlannista                            :S:Ela:                   grönlanti
grönlantiin                             :S:Ill:                   grönlanti
grönlannilla                            :S:Ade:                   grönlanti
grönlannilta                            :S:Abl:                   grönlanti
grönlannille                            :S:All:                   grönlanti
grönlantina                             :S:Ess:                   grönlanti
grönlanniksi                            :S:Tra:                   grönlanti
grönlannitta                            :S:Abe:                   grönlanti
grönlannit                              :P:Nom:                   grönlanti
grönlantien                             :P:Gen:                   grönlanti
grönlanteja                             :P:Par:                   grönlanti
grönlanneissa                           :P:Ine:                   grönlanti
grönlanneista                           :P:Ela:                   grönlanti
grönlanteihin                           :P:Ill:                   grönlanti
grönlanneilla                           :P:Ade:                   grönlanti
grönlanneilta                           :P:Abl:                   grönlanti
grönlanneille                           :P:All:                   grönlanti
grönlanteina                            :P:Ess:                   grönlanti
grönlanneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   grönlanti
grönlannein                             :P:Ins:                   grönlanti
grönlanneitta                           :P:Abe:                   grönlanti
grönlanteine                            :P:Kom:                   grönlanti
guano                                   :S:Nom:                   guano
guanon                                  :S:Gen:                   guano
guanoa                                  :S:Par:                   guano
guanossa                                :S:Ine:                   guano
guanosta                                :S:Ela:                   guano
guanoon                                 :S:Ill:                   guano
guanolla                                :S:Ade:                   guano
guanolta                                :S:Abl:                   guano
guanolle                                :S:All:                   guano
guanona                                 :S:Ess:                   guano
guanoksi                                :S:Tra:                   guano
guanotta                                :S:Abe:                   guano
guanot                                  :P:Nom:                   guano
guanojen                                :P:Gen:                   guano
guanoja                                 :P:Par:                   guano
guanoissa                               :P:Ine:                   guano
guanoista                               :P:Ela:                   guano
guanoihin                               :P:Ill:                   guano
guanoilla                               :P:Ade:                   guano
guanoilta                               :P:Abl:                   guano
guanoille                               :P:All:                   guano
guanoina                                :P:Ess:                   guano
guanoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   guano
guanoin                                 :P:Ins:                   guano
guanoitta                               :P:Abe:                   guano
guanoine                                :P:Kom:                   guano
guassi                                  :S:Nom:                   guassi
guassin                                 :S:Gen:                   guassi
guassia                                 :S:Par:                   guassi
guassissa                               :S:Ine:                   guassi
guassista                               :S:Ela:                   guassi
guassiin                                :S:Ill:                   guassi
guassilla                               :S:Ade:                   guassi
guassilta                               :S:Abl:                   guassi
guassille                               :S:All:                   guassi
guassina                                :S:Ess:                   guassi
guassiksi                               :S:Tra:                   guassi
guassitta                               :S:Abe:                   guassi
guassit                                 :P:Nom:                   guassi
guassien                                :P:Gen:                   guassi
guasseja                                :P:Par:                   guassi
guasseissa                              :P:Ine:                   guassi
guasseista                              :P:Ela:                   guassi
guasseihin                              :P:Ill:                   guassi
guasseilla                              :P:Ade:                   guassi
guasseilta                              :P:Abl:                   guassi
guasseille                              :P:All:                   guassi
guasseina                               :P:Ess:                   guassi
guasseiksi                              :P:Tra:                   guassi
guassein                                :P:Ins:                   guassi
guasseitta                              :P:Abe:                   guassi
guasseine                               :P:Kom:                   guassi
guassi-väri                             :S:Nom:                   guassiväri
guassivärin                             :S:Gen:                   guassiväri
guassiväriä                             :S:Par:                   guassiväri
guassivärissä                           :S:Ine:                   guassiväri
guassiväristä                           :S:Ela:                   guassiväri
guassiväriin                            :S:Ill:                   guassiväri
guassivärillä                           :S:Ade:                   guassiväri
guassiväriltä                           :S:Abl:                   guassiväri
guassivärille                           :S:All:                   guassiväri
guassivärinä                            :S:Ess:                   guassiväri
guassi-väriksi                          :S:Tra:                   guassiväri
guassivärittä                           :S:Abe:                   guassiväri
guassivärit                             :P:Nom:                   guassiväri
guassivärien                            :P:Gen:                   guassiväri
guassivärejä                            :P:Par:                   guassiväri
guassiväreissä                          :P:Ine:                   guassiväri
guassiväreistä                          :P:Ela:                   guassiväri
guassiväreihin                          :P:Ill:                   guassiväri
guassiväreillä                          :P:Ade:                   guassiväri
guassiväreiltä                          :P:Abl:                   guassiväri
guassiväreille                          :P:All:                   guassiväri
guassiväreinä                           :P:Ess:                   guassiväri
guassi-väreiksi                         :P:Tra:                   guassiväri
guassivärein                            :P:Ins:                   guassiväri
guassiväreittä                          :P:Abe:                   guassiväri
guassiväreine                           :P:Kom:                   guassiväri
guava                                   :S:Nom:                   guava
guavan                                  :S:Gen:                   guava
guavaa                                  :S:Par:                   guava
guavassa                                :S:Ine:                   guava
guavasta                                :S:Ela:                   guava
guavaan                                 :S:Ill:                   guava
guavalla                                :S:Ade:                   guava
guavalta                                :S:Abl:                   guava
guavalle                                :S:All:                   guava
guavana                                 :S:Ess:                   guava
guavaksi                                :S:Tra:                   guava
guavatta                                :S:Abe:                   guava
guavat                                  :P:Nom:                   guava
guavojen                                :P:Gen:                   guava
guavain                                 :P:Gen:                   guava
guavoja                                 :P:Par:                   guava
guavoissa                               :P:Ine:                   guava
guavoista                               :P:Ela:                   guava
guavoihin                               :P:Ill:                   guava
guavoilla                               :P:Ade:                   guava
guavoilta                               :P:Abl:                   guava
guavoille                               :P:All:                   guava
guavoina                                :P:Ess:                   guava
guavoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   guava
guavoin                                 :P:Ins:                   guava
guavoitta                               :P:Abe:                   guava
guavoine                                :P:Kom:                   guava
guerilla-sota                           :S:Nom:                   guerillasota
guerillasodan                           :S:Gen:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sotaa                          :S:Par:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodassa                        :S:Ine:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodasta                        :S:Ela:                   guerillasota
guerillasotaan                          :S:Ill:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodalla                        :S:Ade:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodalta                        :S:Abl:                   guerillasota
guerillasodalle                         :S:All:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sotana                         :S:Ess:                   guerillasota
guerillasodaksi                         :S:Tra:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodatta                        :S:Abe:                   guerillasota
guerillasodat                           :P:Nom:                   guerillasota
guerillasotien                          :P:Gen:                   guerillasota
guerillasotain                          :P:Gen:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sotia                          :P:Par:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodissa                        :P:Ine:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodista                        :P:Ela:                   guerillasota
guerillasotiin                          :P:Ill:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodilla                        :P:Ade:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sodilta                        :P:Abl:                   guerillasota
guerillasodille                         :P:All:                   guerillasota
guerilla-sotina                         :P:Ess:                   guerillasota
guerillasodiksi                         :P:Tra:                   guerillasota
guerillasodin                           :P:Ins:                   guerillasota
guerilla-soditta                        :P:Abe:                   guerillasota
guerillasotine                          :P:Kom:                   guerillasota
gulassi                                 :S:Nom:                   gulassi
gulassin                                :S:Gen:                   gulassi
gulassia                                :S:Par:                   gulassi
gulassissa                              :S:Ine:                   gulassi
gulassista                              :S:Ela:                   gulassi
gulassiin                               :S:Ill:                   gulassi
gulassilla                              :S:Ade:                   gulassi
gulassilta                              :S:Abl:                   gulassi
gulassille                              :S:All:                   gulassi
gulassina                               :S:Ess:                   gulassi
gulassiksi                              :S:Tra:                   gulassi
gulassitta                              :S:Abe:                   gulassi
gulassit                                :P:Nom:                   gulassi
gulassien                               :P:Gen:                   gulassi
gulasseja                               :P:Par:                   gulassi
gulasseissa                             :P:Ine:                   gulassi
gulasseista                             :P:Ela:                   gulassi
gulasseihin                             :P:Ill:                   gulassi
gulasseilla                             :P:Ade:                   gulassi
gulasseilta                             :P:Abl:                   gulassi
gulasseille                             :P:All:                   gulassi
gulasseina                              :P:Ess:                   gulassi
gulasseiksi                             :P:Tra:                   gulassi
gulassein                               :P:Ins:                   gulassi
gulasseitta                             :P:Abe:                   gulassi
gulasseine                              :P:Kom:                   gulassi
guldeni                                 :S:Nom:                   guldeni
guldenin                                :S:Gen:                   guldeni
guldenia                                :S:Par:                   guldeni
guldenissa                              :S:Ine:                   guldeni
guldenista                              :S:Ela:                   guldeni
guldeniin                               :S:Ill:                   guldeni
guldenilla                              :S:Ade:                   guldeni
guldenilta                              :S:Abl:                   guldeni
guldenille                              :S:All:                   guldeni
guldenina                               :S:Ess:                   guldeni
guldeniksi                              :S:Tra:                   guldeni
guldenitta                              :S:Abe:                   guldeni
guldenit                                :P:Nom:                   guldeni
guldenien                               :P:Gen:                   guldeni
guldeneja                               :P:Par:                   guldeni
guldeneissa                             :P:Ine:                   guldeni
guldeneista                             :P:Ela:                   guldeni
guldeneihin                             :P:Ill:                   guldeni
guldeneilla                             :P:Ade:                   guldeni
guldeneilta                             :P:Abl:                   guldeni
guldeneille                             :P:All:                   guldeni
guldeneina                              :P:Ess:                   guldeni
guldeneiksi                             :P:Tra:                   guldeni
guldenein                               :P:Ins:                   guldeni
guldeneitta                             :P:Abe:                   guldeni
guldeneine                              :P:Kom:                   guldeni
gurmee                                  :S:Nom:                   gurmee
gurmeen                                 :S:Gen:                   gurmee
gurmeeta                                :S:Par:                   gurmee
gurmeessa                               :S:Ine:                   gurmee
gurmeesta                               :S:Ela:                   gurmee
gurmeehen                               :S:Ill:                   gurmee
gurmeeseen                              :S:Ill:                   gurmee
gurmeella                               :S:Ade:                   gurmee
gurmeelta                               :S:Abl:                   gurmee
gurmeelle                               :S:All:                   gurmee
gurmeena                                :S:Ess:                   gurmee
gurmeeksi                               :S:Tra:                   gurmee
gurmeetta                               :S:Abe:                   gurmee
gurmeet                                 :P:Nom:                   gurmee
gurmeiden                               :P:Gen:                   gurmee
gurmeitten                              :P:Gen:                   gurmee
gurmeita                                :P:Par:                   gurmee
gurmeissa                               :P:Ine:                   gurmee
gurmeista                               :P:Ela:                   gurmee
gurmeihin                               :P:Ill:                   gurmee
gurmeisiin                              :P:Ill:                   gurmee
gurmeilla                               :P:Ade:                   gurmee
gurmeilta                               :P:Abl:                   gurmee
gurmeille                               :P:All:                   gurmee
gurmeina                                :P:Ess:                   gurmee
gurmeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gurmee
gurmein                                 :P:Ins:                   gurmee
gurmeitta                               :P:Abe:                   gurmee
gurmeine                                :P:Kom:                   gurmee
gurmeeravintola                         :S:Nom:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolan                        :S:Gen:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolaa                        :S:Par:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolassa                      :S:Ine:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolasta                      :S:Ela:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolaan                       :S:Ill:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolalla                      :S:Ade:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolalta                      :S:Abl:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmee-ravintolalle                     :S:All:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolana                       :S:Ess:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolaksi                      :S:Tra:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolatta                      :S:Abe:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolat                        :P:Nom:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloiden                     :P:Gen:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloitten                    :P:Gen:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintolain                       :P:Gen:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloita                      :P:Par:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloissa                     :P:Ine:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloista                     :P:Ela:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloihin                     :P:Ill:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloilla                     :P:Ade:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloilta                     :P:Abl:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmee-ravintoloille                    :P:All:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloina                      :P:Ess:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloiksi                     :P:Tra:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloin                       :P:Ins:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeravintoloitta                     :P:Abe:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmee-ravintoloine                     :P:Kom:                   gurmeeravintola
gurmeeruoka                             :S:Nom:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoan                             :S:Gen:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruokaa                            :S:Par:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoassa                           :S:Ine:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoasta                           :S:Ela:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruokaan                           :S:Ill:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoalla                           :S:Ade:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoalta                           :S:Abl:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmee-ruoalle                          :S:All:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruokana                           :S:Ess:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoaksi                           :S:Tra:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoatta                           :S:Abe:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoat                             :P:Nom:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruokien                           :P:Gen:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruokain                           :P:Gen:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruokia                            :P:Par:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoissa                           :P:Ine:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoista                           :P:Ela:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruokiin                           :P:Ill:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoilla                           :P:Ade:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoilta                           :P:Abl:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmee-ruoille                          :P:All:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruokina                           :P:Ess:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoin                             :P:Ins:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmeeruoitta                           :P:Abe:                   gurmeeruoka
gurmee-ruokine                          :P:Kom:                   gurmeeruoka
guru                                    :S:Nom:                   guru
gurun                                   :S:Gen:                   guru
gurua                                   :S:Par:                   guru
gurussa                                 :S:Ine:                   guru
gurusta                                 :S:Ela:                   guru
guruun                                  :S:Ill:                   guru
gurulla                                 :S:Ade:                   guru
gurulta                                 :S:Abl:                   guru
gurulle                                 :S:All:                   guru
guruna                                  :S:Ess:                   guru
guruksi                                 :S:Tra:                   guru
gurutta                                 :S:Abe:                   guru
gurut                                   :P:Nom:                   guru
gurujen                                 :P:Gen:                   guru
guruja                                  :P:Par:                   guru
guruissa                                :P:Ine:                   guru
guruista                                :P:Ela:                   guru
guruihin                                :P:Ill:                   guru
guruilla                                :P:Ade:                   guru
guruilta                                :P:Abl:                   guru
guruille                                :P:All:                   guru
guruina                                 :P:Ess:                   guru
guruiksi                                :P:Tra:                   guru
guruin                                  :P:Ins:                   guru
guruitta                                :P:Abe:                   guru
guruine                                 :P:Kom:                   guru
guttaperkka                             :S:Nom:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkan                             :S:Gen:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkaa                            :S:Par:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkassa                           :S:Ine:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkasta                           :S:Ela:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkaan                           :S:Ill:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkalla                           :S:Ade:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkalta                           :S:Abl:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkalle                           :S:All:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkana                           :S:Ess:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkaksi                           :S:Tra:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkatta                           :S:Abe:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkat                             :P:Nom:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkojen                          :P:Gen:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkain                           :P:Gen:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkoja                           :P:Par:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkoissa                          :P:Ine:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkoista                          :P:Ela:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkoihin                         :P:Ill:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkoilla                          :P:Ade:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkoilta                          :P:Abl:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkoille                          :P:All:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkoina                          :P:Ess:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkoin                            :P:Ins:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkoitta                          :P:Abe:                   guttaperkka
guttaperkkoine                          :P:Kom:                   guttaperkka
gynekologi                              :S:Nom:                   gynekologi
gynekologin                             :S:Gen:                   gynekologi
gynekologia                             :S:Par:                   gynekologi
gynekologissa                           :S:Ine:                   gynekologi
gynekologista                           :S:Ela:                   gynekologi
gynekologiin                            :S:Ill:                   gynekologi
gynekologilla                           :S:Ade:                   gynekologi
gynekologilta                           :S:Abl:                   gynekologi
gynekologille                           :S:All:                   gynekologi
gynekologina                            :S:Ess:                   gynekologi
gynekologiksi                           :S:Tra:                   gynekologi
gynekologitta                           :S:Abe:                   gynekologi
gynekologit                             :P:Nom:                   gynekologi
gynekologien                            :P:Gen:                   gynekologi
gynekologeja                            :P:Par:                   gynekologi
gynekologeissa                          :P:Ine:                   gynekologi
gynekologeista                          :P:Ela:                   gynekologi
gynekologeihin                          :P:Ill:                   gynekologi
gynekologeilla                          :P:Ade:                   gynekologi
gynekologeilta                          :P:Abl:                   gynekologi
gynekologeille                          :P:All:                   gynekologi
gynekologeina                           :P:Ess:                   gynekologi
gynekologeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gynekologi
gynekologein                            :P:Ins:                   gynekologi
gynekologeitta                          :P:Abe:                   gynekologi
gynekologeine                           :P:Kom:                   gynekologi
gynekologia                             :S:Nom:                   gynekologia
gynekologian                            :S:Gen:                   gynekologia
gynekologiaa                            :S:Par:                   gynekologia
gynekologiassa                          :S:Ine:                   gynekologia
gynekologiasta                          :S:Ela:                   gynekologia
gynekologiaan                           :S:Ill:                   gynekologia
gynekologialla                          :S:Ade:                   gynekologia
gynekologialta                          :S:Abl:                   gynekologia
gynekologialle                          :S:All:                   gynekologia
gynekologiana                           :S:Ess:                   gynekologia
gynekologiaksi                          :S:Tra:                   gynekologia
gynekologiatta                          :S:Abe:                   gynekologia
gynekologiat                            :P:Nom:                   gynekologia
gynekologioiden                         :P:Gen:                   gynekologia
gynekologioitten                        :P:Gen:                   gynekologia
gynekologiain                           :P:Gen:                   gynekologia
gynekologioita                          :P:Par:                   gynekologia
gynekologioissa                         :P:Ine:                   gynekologia
gynekologioista                         :P:Ela:                   gynekologia
gynekologioihin                         :P:Ill:                   gynekologia
gynekologioilla                         :P:Ade:                   gynekologia
gynekologioilta                         :P:Abl:                   gynekologia
gynekologioille                         :P:All:                   gynekologia
gynekologioina                          :P:Ess:                   gynekologia
gynekologioiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gynekologia
gynekologioin                           :P:Ins:                   gynekologia
gynekologioitta                         :P:Abe:                   gynekologia
gynekologioine                          :P:Kom:                   gynekologia
gynekologinen                           :S:Nom:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisen                           :S:Gen:                   gynekologinen
gynekologista                           :S:Par:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisessa                         :S:Ine:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisesta                         :S:Ela:                   gynekologinen
gynekologiseen                          :S:Ill:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisella                         :S:Ade:                   gynekologinen
gynekologiselta                         :S:Abl:                   gynekologinen
gynekologiselle                         :S:All:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisena                          :S:Ess:                   gynekologinen
gynekologiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisetta                         :S:Abe:                   gynekologinen
gynekologiset                           :P:Nom:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisten                          :P:Gen:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisin                           :P:Gen:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisia                           :P:Par:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisissa                         :P:Ine:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisista                         :P:Ela:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisiin                          :P:Ill:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisilla                         :P:Ade:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisilta                         :P:Abl:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisille                         :P:All:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisina                          :P:Ess:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisin                           :P:Ins:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisitta                         :P:Abe:                   gynekologinen
gynekologisine                          :P:Kom:                   gynekologinen
gyrokompassi                            :S:Nom:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassin                           :S:Gen:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassia                           :S:Par:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassissa                         :S:Ine:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassista                         :S:Ela:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassiin                          :S:Ill:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassilla                         :S:Ade:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassilta                         :S:Abl:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassille                         :S:All:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassina                          :S:Ess:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassiksi                         :S:Tra:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassitta                         :S:Abe:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassit                           :P:Nom:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassien                          :P:Gen:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseja                          :P:Par:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseissa                        :P:Ine:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseista                        :P:Ela:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseihin                        :P:Ill:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseilla                        :P:Ade:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseilta                        :P:Abl:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseille                        :P:All:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseina                         :P:Ess:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseiksi                        :P:Tra:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompassein                          :P:Ins:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseitta                        :P:Abe:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokompasseine                         :P:Kom:                   gyrokompassi
gyrokopteri                             :S:Nom:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterin                            :S:Gen:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopteria                            :S:Par:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterissa                          :S:Ine:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterista                          :S:Ela:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopteriin                           :S:Ill:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterilla                          :S:Ade:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterilta                          :S:Abl:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterille                          :S:All:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterina                           :S:Ess:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopteriksi                          :S:Tra:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopteritta                          :S:Abe:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterit                            :P:Nom:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterien                           :P:Gen:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereiden                         :P:Gen:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereitten                        :P:Gen:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereja                           :P:Par:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereita                          :P:Par:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereissa                         :P:Ine:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereista                         :P:Ela:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereihin                         :P:Ill:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereilla                         :P:Ade:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereilta                         :P:Abl:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereille                         :P:All:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereina                          :P:Ess:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereiksi                         :P:Tra:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokopterein                           :P:Ins:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereitta                         :P:Abe:                   gyrokopteri
gyrokoptereine                          :P:Kom:                   gyrokopteri
gyroskooppi                             :S:Nom:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopin                             :S:Gen:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskooppia                            :S:Par:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopissa                           :S:Ine:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopista                           :S:Ela:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskooppiin                           :S:Ill:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopilla                           :S:Ade:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopilta                           :S:Abl:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopille                           :S:All:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskooppina                           :S:Ess:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopiksi                           :S:Tra:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopitta                           :S:Abe:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopit                             :P:Nom:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskooppien                           :P:Gen:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskooppeja                           :P:Par:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopeissa                          :P:Ine:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopeista                          :P:Ela:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskooppeihin                         :P:Ill:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopeilla                          :P:Ade:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopeilta                          :P:Abl:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopeille                          :P:All:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskooppeina                          :P:Ess:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopein                            :P:Ins:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskoopeitta                          :P:Abe:                   gyroskooppi
gyroskooppeine                          :P:Kom:                   gyroskooppi
gängi                                   :S:Nom:                   gängi
gängin                                  :S:Gen:                   gängi
gängiä                                  :S:Par:                   gängi
gängissä                                :S:Ine:                   gängi
gängistä                                :S:Ela:                   gängi
gängiin                                 :S:Ill:                   gängi
gängillä                                :S:Ade:                   gängi
gängiltä                                :S:Abl:                   gängi
gängille                                :S:All:                   gängi
gänginä                                 :S:Ess:                   gängi
gängiksi                                :S:Tra:                   gängi
gängittä                                :S:Abe:                   gängi
gängit                                  :P:Nom:                   gängi
gängien                                 :P:Gen:                   gängi
gängejä                                 :P:Par:                   gängi
gängeissä                               :P:Ine:                   gängi
gängeistä                               :P:Ela:                   gängi
gängeihin                               :P:Ill:                   gängi
gängeillä                               :P:Ade:                   gängi
gängeiltä                               :P:Abl:                   gängi
gängeille                               :P:All:                   gängi
gängeinä                                :P:Ess:                   gängi
gängeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   gängi
gängein                                 :P:Ins:                   gängi
gängeittä                               :P:Abe:                   gängi
gängeine                                :P:Kom:                   gängi
