quenelle                                :S:Nom:                   quenelle
quenellen                               :S:Gen:                   quenelle
quenellea                               :S:Par:                   quenelle
quenellessa                             :S:Ine:                   quenelle
quenellesta                             :S:Ela:                   quenelle
quenelleen                              :S:Ill:                   quenelle
quenellella                             :S:Ade:                   quenelle
quenellelta                             :S:Abl:                   quenelle
quenellelle                             :S:All:                   quenelle
quenellena                              :S:Ess:                   quenelle
quenelleksi                             :S:Tra:                   quenelle
quenelletta                             :S:Abe:                   quenelle
quenellet                               :P:Nom:                   quenelle
quenellejen                             :P:Gen:                   quenelle
quenellein                              :P:Gen:                   quenelle
quenelleja                              :P:Par:                   quenelle
quenelleissa                            :P:Ine:                   quenelle
quenelleista                            :P:Ela:                   quenelle
quenelleihin                            :P:Ill:                   quenelle
quenelleilla                            :P:Ade:                   quenelle
quenelleilta                            :P:Abl:                   quenelle
quenelleille                            :P:All:                   quenelle
quenelleina                             :P:Ess:                   quenelle
quenelleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   quenelle
quenellein                              :P:Ins:                   quenelle
quenelleitta                            :P:Abe:                   quenelle
quenelleine                             :P:Kom:                   quenelle
quiche                                  :S:Nom:                   quiche
quichen                                 :S:Gen:                   quiche
quichea                                 :S:Par:                   quiche
quichessa                               :S:Ine:                   quiche
quichesta                               :S:Ela:                   quiche
quicheen                                :S:Ill:                   quiche
quichella                               :S:Ade:                   quiche
quichelta                               :S:Abl:                   quiche
quichelle                               :S:All:                   quiche
quichena                                :S:Ess:                   quiche
quicheksi                               :S:Tra:                   quiche
quichetta                               :S:Abe:                   quiche
quichet                                 :P:Nom:                   quiche
quichejen                               :P:Gen:                   quiche
quichein                                :P:Gen:                   quiche
quicheja                                :P:Par:                   quiche
quicheissa                              :P:Ine:                   quiche
quicheista                              :P:Ela:                   quiche
quicheihin                              :P:Ill:                   quiche
quicheilla                              :P:Ade:                   quiche
quicheilta                              :P:Abl:                   quiche
quicheille                              :P:All:                   quiche
quicheina                               :P:Ess:                   quiche
quicheiksi                              :P:Tra:                   quiche
quichein                                :P:Ins:                   quiche
quicheitta                              :P:Abe:                   quiche
quicheine                               :P:Kom:                   quiche
quickstei                               :S:Nom:                   quickstep
quickstein                              :S:Gen:                   quickstep
quicksteia                              :S:Par:                   quickstep
quicksteissa                            :S:Ine:                   quickstep
quicksteista                            :S:Ela:                   quickstep
quicksteiin                             :S:Ill:                   quickstep
quicksteilla                            :S:Ade:                   quickstep
quicksteilta                            :S:Abl:                   quickstep
quicksteille                            :S:All:                   quickstep
quicksteina                             :S:Ess:                   quickstep
quicksteiksi                            :S:Tra:                   quickstep
quicksteitta                            :S:Abe:                   quickstep
quicksteit                              :P:Nom:                   quickstep
quicksteien                             :P:Gen:                   quickstep
quicksteeja                             :P:Par:                   quickstep
quicksteeissa                           :P:Ine:                   quickstep
quicksteeista                           :P:Ela:                   quickstep
quicksteeihin                           :P:Ill:                   quickstep
quicksteeilla                           :P:Ade:                   quickstep
quicksteeilta                           :P:Abl:                   quickstep
quicksteeille                           :P:All:                   quickstep
quicksteeina                            :P:Ess:                   quickstep
quicksteeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   quickstep
quicksteein                             :P:Ins:                   quickstep
quicksteeitta                           :P:Abe:                   quickstep
quicksteeine                            :P:Kom:                   quickstep
quislini                                :S:Nom:                   quisling
quislinin                               :S:Gen:                   quisling
quislinia                               :S:Par:                   quisling
quislinissa                             :S:Ine:                   quisling
quislinista                             :S:Ela:                   quisling
quisliniin                              :S:Ill:                   quisling
quislinilla                             :S:Ade:                   quisling
quislinilta                             :S:Abl:                   quisling
quislinille                             :S:All:                   quisling
quislinina                              :S:Ess:                   quisling
quisliniksi                             :S:Tra:                   quisling
quislinitta                             :S:Abe:                   quisling
quislinit                               :P:Nom:                   quisling
quislinien                              :P:Gen:                   quisling
quislineja                              :P:Par:                   quisling
quislineissa                            :P:Ine:                   quisling
quislineista                            :P:Ela:                   quisling
quislineihin                            :P:Ill:                   quisling
quislineilla                            :P:Ade:                   quisling
quislineilta                            :P:Abl:                   quisling
quislineille                            :P:All:                   quisling
quislineina                             :P:Ess:                   quisling
quislineiksi                            :P:Tra:                   quisling
quislinein                              :P:Ins:                   quisling
quislineitta                            :P:Abe:                   quisling
quislineine                             :P:Kom:                   quisling
