ubikinoni                               :S:Nom:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonin                              :S:Gen:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonia                              :S:Par:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonissa                            :S:Ine:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonista                            :S:Ela:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoniin                             :S:Ill:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonilla                            :S:Ade:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonilta                            :S:Abl:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonille                            :S:All:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonina                             :S:Ess:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoniksi                            :S:Tra:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonitta                            :S:Abe:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonit                              :P:Nom:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonien                             :P:Gen:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneiden                           :P:Gen:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneitten                          :P:Gen:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneja                             :P:Par:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneita                            :P:Par:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneissa                           :P:Ine:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneista                           :P:Ela:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneihin                           :P:Ill:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneilla                           :P:Ade:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneilta                           :P:Abl:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneille                           :P:All:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneina                            :P:Ess:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ubikinoni
ubikinonein                             :P:Ins:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneitta                           :P:Abe:                   ubikinoni
ubikinoneine                            :P:Kom:                   ubikinoni
udar                                    :S:Nom:                   udar
utaren                                  :S:Gen:                   udar
utareen                                 :S:Gen:                   udar
udarta                                  :S:Par:                   udar
udaretta                                :S:Par:                   udar
utaressa                                :S:Ine:                   udar
utareessa                               :S:Ine:                   udar
utaresta                                :S:Ela:                   udar
utareesta                               :S:Ela:                   udar
utareen                                 :S:Ill:                   udar
utareeseen                              :S:Ill:                   udar
utarella                                :S:Ade:                   udar
utareella                               :S:Ade:                   udar
utarelta                                :S:Abl:                   udar
utareelta                               :S:Abl:                   udar
utarelle                                :S:All:                   udar
utareelle                               :S:All:                   udar
utarena                                 :S:Ess:                   udar
utareena                                :S:Ess:                   udar
utareksi                                :S:Tra:                   udar
utareeksi                               :S:Tra:                   udar
utaretta                                :S:Abe:                   udar
utareetta                               :S:Abe:                   udar
utaret                                  :P:Nom:                   udar
utareet                                 :P:Nom:                   udar
udarten                                 :P:Gen:                   udar
utarien                                 :P:Gen:                   udar
utareiden                               :P:Gen:                   udar
udareitten                              :P:Gen:                   udar
utaria                                  :P:Par:                   udar
utareita                                :P:Par:                   udar
utarissa                                :P:Ine:                   udar
utareissa                               :P:Ine:                   udar
utarista                                :P:Ela:                   udar
utareista                               :P:Ela:                   udar
utariin                                 :P:Ill:                   udar
utareisiin                              :P:Ill:                   udar
utareihin                               :P:Ill:                   udar
utarilla                                :P:Ade:                   udar
utareilla                               :P:Ade:                   udar
utarilta                                :P:Abl:                   udar
utareilta                               :P:Abl:                   udar
utarille                                :P:All:                   udar
utareille                               :P:All:                   udar
utarina                                 :P:Ess:                   udar
utareina                                :P:Ess:                   udar
utariksi                                :P:Tra:                   udar
utareiksi                               :P:Tra:                   udar
utarin                                  :P:Ins:                   udar
utarein                                 :P:Ins:                   udar
utaritta                                :P:Abe:                   udar
utareitta                               :P:Abe:                   udar
utareine                                :P:Kom:                   udar
utelen                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          udella
utelet                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          udella
utelee                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          udella
utelemme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          udella
utelette                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          udella
utelevat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          udella
udellaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             udella
utele                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      udella
utele                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
utele                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
utele                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
utele                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
utele                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udella                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         udella
utelin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          udella
utelit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          udella
uteli                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          udella
utelimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          udella
utelitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          udella
utelivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltu                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         udella
udellen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          udella
udellet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          udella
udellee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          udella
udellemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          udella
udellette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          udella
udellevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltaneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             udella
udelle                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      udella
udelle                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
udelle                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
udelle                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
udelle                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
udelle                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltane                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         udella
utelisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          udella
utelisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          udella
utelisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          udella
utelisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          udella
utelisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          udella
utelisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltaisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             udella
utelisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      udella
utelisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
utelisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
utelisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
utelisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
utelisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltaisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         udella
utele                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          udella
udelkoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          udella
udelkaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          udella
udelkaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          udella
udelkoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             udella
utele                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
udelko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
udelko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
udelko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
udelko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltako                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             udella
udella                                  :Inf1:                    udella
udellakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  udella
udellessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            udella
udeltaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            udella
udellen                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            udella
utelemassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            udella
utelemasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            udella
utelemaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            udella
utelemalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            udella
utelematta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            udella
uteleman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            udella
udeltaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            udella
uteleminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                udella
utelemista                              :Inf4:Par:                udella
utelemaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    udella
uteleva                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             udella
udeltava                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             udella
udellut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             udella
udeltu                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             udella
utelema                                 :Cip:Age:                 udella
utelematon                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         udella
udellut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          udella
udellut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          udella
udellut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          udella
udelleet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          udella
udelleet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          udella
udelleet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             udella
udellut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         udella
udellut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          udella
udellut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          udella
udellut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          udella
udelleet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          udella
udelleet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          udella
udelleet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             udella
udellut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      udella
udellut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         udella
udellut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          udella
udelleet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          udella
udeltu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             udella
udellut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      udella
udelleet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      udella
udeltu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         udella
udmurtin kieli                          :S:Nom:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielen                         :S:Gen:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieltä                         :S:Par:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielessä                       :S:Ine:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielestä                       :S:Ela:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieleen                        :S:Ill:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielellä                       :S:Ade:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieleltä                       :S:Abl:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielelle                       :S:All:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielenä                        :S:Ess:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieleksi                       :S:Tra:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielettä                       :S:Abe:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielet                         :P:Nom:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielten                        :P:Gen:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielien                        :P:Gen:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieliä                         :P:Par:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielissä                       :P:Ine:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielistä                       :P:Ela:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieliin                        :P:Ill:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielillä                       :P:Ade:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieliltä                       :P:Abl:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielille                       :P:All:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielinä                        :P:Ess:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieliksi                       :P:Tra:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielin                         :P:Ins:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kielittä                       :P:Abe:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtin kieline                        :P:Kom:                   udmurtin kieli
udmurtti                                :S:Nom:                   udmurtti
udmurtin                                :S:Gen:                   udmurtti
udmurttia                               :S:Par:                   udmurtti
udmurtissa                              :S:Ine:                   udmurtti
udmurtista                              :S:Ela:                   udmurtti
udmurttiin                              :S:Ill:                   udmurtti
udmurtilla                              :S:Ade:                   udmurtti
udmurtilta                              :S:Abl:                   udmurtti
udmurtille                              :S:All:                   udmurtti
udmurttina                              :S:Ess:                   udmurtti
udmurtiksi                              :S:Tra:                   udmurtti
udmurtitta                              :S:Abe:                   udmurtti
udmurtit                                :P:Nom:                   udmurtti
udmurttien                              :P:Gen:                   udmurtti
udmurtteja                              :P:Par:                   udmurtti
udmurteissa                             :P:Ine:                   udmurtti
udmurteista                             :P:Ela:                   udmurtti
udmurtteihin                            :P:Ill:                   udmurtti
udmurteilla                             :P:Ade:                   udmurtti
udmurteilta                             :P:Abl:                   udmurtti
udmurteille                             :P:All:                   udmurtti
udmurtteina                             :P:Ess:                   udmurtti
udmurteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   udmurtti
udmurtein                               :P:Ins:                   udmurtti
udmurteitta                             :P:Abe:                   udmurtti
udmurtteine                             :P:Kom:                   udmurtti
ufo                                     :S:Nom:                   ufo
ufon                                    :S:Gen:                   ufo
ufoa                                    :S:Par:                   ufo
ufossa                                  :S:Ine:                   ufo
ufosta                                  :S:Ela:                   ufo
ufoon                                   :S:Ill:                   ufo
ufolla                                  :S:Ade:                   ufo
ufolta                                  :S:Abl:                   ufo
ufolle                                  :S:All:                   ufo
ufona                                   :S:Ess:                   ufo
ufoksi                                  :S:Tra:                   ufo
ufotta                                  :S:Abe:                   ufo
ufot                                    :P:Nom:                   ufo
ufojen                                  :P:Gen:                   ufo
ufoja                                   :P:Par:                   ufo
ufoissa                                 :P:Ine:                   ufo
ufoista                                 :P:Ela:                   ufo
ufoihin                                 :P:Ill:                   ufo
ufoilla                                 :P:Ade:                   ufo
ufoilta                                 :P:Abl:                   ufo
ufoille                                 :P:All:                   ufo
ufoina                                  :P:Ess:                   ufo
ufoiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   ufo
ufoin                                   :P:Ins:                   ufo
ufoitta                                 :P:Abe:                   ufo
ufoine                                  :P:Kom:                   ufo
ufohavainto                             :S:Nom:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnon                            :S:Gen:                   ufohavainto
ufohavaintoa                            :S:Par:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnossa                          :S:Ine:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnosta                          :S:Ela:                   ufohavainto
ufohavaintoon                           :S:Ill:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnolla                          :S:Ade:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnolta                          :S:Abl:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnolle                          :S:All:                   ufohavainto
ufohavaintona                           :S:Ess:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoksi                          :S:Tra:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnotta                          :S:Abe:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnot                            :P:Nom:                   ufohavainto
ufohavaintojen                          :P:Gen:                   ufohavainto
ufohavaintoja                           :P:Par:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoista                         :P:Ela:                   ufohavainto
ufohavaintoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoille                         :P:All:                   ufohavainto
ufohavaintoina                          :P:Ess:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoin                           :P:Ins:                   ufohavainto
ufohavainnoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ufohavainto
ufohavaintoine                          :P:Kom:                   ufohavainto
ufoilen                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ufoilla
ufoilet                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoilee                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilemme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoilette                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoilevat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoillaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilla                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoilin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ufoilla
ufoilit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoili                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoilitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoilivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoillen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ufoilla
ufoillet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoillee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoillemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoillette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoillevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoilisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ufoilla
ufoilisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoilisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoilisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoile                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoilkoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilkaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoilkaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoilkoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoile                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoilla                                 :Inf1:                    ufoilla
ufoillakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ufoilla
ufoillessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ufoilla
ufoiltaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ufoilla
ufoillen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ufoilla
ufoilemassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ufoilla
ufoilemasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ufoilla
ufoilemaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ufoilla
ufoilemalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ufoilla
ufoilematta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ufoilla
ufoileman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ufoilla
ufoiltaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ufoilla
ufoileminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ufoilla
ufoilemista                             :Inf4:Par:                ufoilla
ufoilemaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ufoilla
ufoileva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ufoilla
ufoiltava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoilema                                :Cip:Age:                 ufoilla
ufoilematon                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             ufoilla
ufoillut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoilleet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ufoilla
ufoiltu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ufoilla
ufoilu                                  :S:Nom:                   ufoilu
ufoilun                                 :S:Gen:                   ufoilu
ufoilua                                 :S:Par:                   ufoilu
ufoilussa                               :S:Ine:                   ufoilu
ufoilusta                               :S:Ela:                   ufoilu
ufoiluun                                :S:Ill:                   ufoilu
ufoilulla                               :S:Ade:                   ufoilu
ufoilulta                               :S:Abl:                   ufoilu
ufoilulle                               :S:All:                   ufoilu
ufoiluna                                :S:Ess:                   ufoilu
ufoiluksi                               :S:Tra:                   ufoilu
ufoilutta                               :S:Abe:                   ufoilu
ufoilut                                 :P:Nom:                   ufoilu
ufoilujen                               :P:Gen:                   ufoilu
ufoiluiden                              :P:Gen:                   ufoilu
ufoiluitten                             :P:Gen:                   ufoilu
ufoiluja                                :P:Par:                   ufoilu
ufoiluita                               :P:Par:                   ufoilu
ufoiluissa                              :P:Ine:                   ufoilu
ufoiluista                              :P:Ela:                   ufoilu
ufoiluihin                              :P:Ill:                   ufoilu
ufoiluilla                              :P:Ade:                   ufoilu
ufoiluilta                              :P:Abl:                   ufoilu
ufoiluille                              :P:All:                   ufoilu
ufoiluina                               :P:Ess:                   ufoilu
ufoiluiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ufoilu
ufoiluin                                :P:Ins:                   ufoilu
ufoiluitta                              :P:Abe:                   ufoilu
ufoiluine                               :P:Kom:                   ufoilu
ufologi                                 :S:Nom:                   ufologi
ufologin                                :S:Gen:                   ufologi
ufologia                                :S:Par:                   ufologi
ufologissa                              :S:Ine:                   ufologi
ufologista                              :S:Ela:                   ufologi
ufologiin                               :S:Ill:                   ufologi
ufologilla                              :S:Ade:                   ufologi
ufologilta                              :S:Abl:                   ufologi
ufologille                              :S:All:                   ufologi
ufologina                               :S:Ess:                   ufologi
ufologiksi                              :S:Tra:                   ufologi
ufologitta                              :S:Abe:                   ufologi
ufologit                                :P:Nom:                   ufologi
ufologien                               :P:Gen:                   ufologi
ufologeja                               :P:Par:                   ufologi
ufologeissa                             :P:Ine:                   ufologi
ufologeista                             :P:Ela:                   ufologi
ufologeihin                             :P:Ill:                   ufologi
ufologeilla                             :P:Ade:                   ufologi
ufologeilta                             :P:Abl:                   ufologi
ufologeille                             :P:All:                   ufologi
ufologeina                              :P:Ess:                   ufologi
ufologeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ufologi
ufologein                               :P:Ins:                   ufologi
ufologeitta                             :P:Abe:                   ufologi
ufologeine                              :P:Kom:                   ufologi
ugrilainen                              :S:Nom:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisen                              :S:Gen:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaista                              :S:Par:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisella                            :S:Ade:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaiselle                            :S:All:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisena                             :S:Ess:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaiset                              :P:Nom:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisten                             :P:Gen:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisin                              :P:Gen:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisia                              :P:Par:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisista                            :P:Ela:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisille                            :P:All:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisina                             :P:Ess:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisin                              :P:Ins:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   ugrilainen
ugrilaisine                             :P:Kom:                   ugrilainen
ugristi                                 :S:Nom:                   ugristi
ugristin                                :S:Gen:                   ugristi
ugristia                                :S:Par:                   ugristi
ugristissa                              :S:Ine:                   ugristi
ugristista                              :S:Ela:                   ugristi
ugristiin                               :S:Ill:                   ugristi
ugristilla                              :S:Ade:                   ugristi
ugristilta                              :S:Abl:                   ugristi
ugristille                              :S:All:                   ugristi
ugristina                               :S:Ess:                   ugristi
ugristiksi                              :S:Tra:                   ugristi
ugristitta                              :S:Abe:                   ugristi
ugristit                                :P:Nom:                   ugristi
ugristien                               :P:Gen:                   ugristi
ugristeja                               :P:Par:                   ugristi
ugristeissa                             :P:Ine:                   ugristi
ugristeista                             :P:Ela:                   ugristi
ugristeihin                             :P:Ill:                   ugristi
ugristeilla                             :P:Ade:                   ugristi
ugristeilta                             :P:Abl:                   ugristi
ugristeille                             :P:All:                   ugristi
ugristeina                              :P:Ess:                   ugristi
ugristeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ugristi
ugristein                               :P:Ins:                   ugristi
ugristeitta                             :P:Abe:                   ugristi
ugristeine                              :P:Kom:                   ugristi
ugristiikka                             :S:Nom:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikan                             :S:Gen:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkaa                            :S:Par:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikassa                           :S:Ine:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikasta                           :S:Ela:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkaan                           :S:Ill:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikalla                           :S:Ade:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikalta                           :S:Abl:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikalle                           :S:All:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkana                           :S:Ess:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikatta                           :S:Abe:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikat                             :P:Nom:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkojen                          :P:Gen:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkain                           :P:Gen:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkoja                           :P:Par:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikoissa                          :P:Ine:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikoista                          :P:Ela:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikoilla                          :P:Ade:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikoilta                          :P:Abl:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikoille                          :P:All:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkoina                          :P:Ess:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikoin                            :P:Ins:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikoitta                          :P:Abe:                   ugristiikka
ugristiikkoine                          :P:Kom:                   ugristiikka
uhanalainen                             :S:Nom:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisen                             :S:Gen:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaista                             :S:Par:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisella                           :S:Ade:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaiselle                           :S:All:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisena                            :S:Ess:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaiset                             :P:Nom:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisten                            :P:Gen:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisin                             :P:Gen:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisia                             :P:Par:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisista                           :P:Ela:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisille                           :P:All:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisina                            :P:Ess:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisin                             :P:Ins:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   uhanalainen
uhanalaisine                            :P:Kom:                   uhanalainen
uhkaan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhata
uhkaat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhkaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhkaamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhkaatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhkaavat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhataan                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uhata
uhkaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhata
uhkaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhkaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhkaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhkaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhkaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhata                                   :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhkasin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uhata
uhkasit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhkasi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhkasimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhkasitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhkasivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattu                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhannen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhata
uhannet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhannee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhannemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhannette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhannevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattaneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uhata
uhanne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhata
uhanne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhanne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhanne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhanne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhanne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattane                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhkaisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhata
uhkaisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhkaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhkaisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhkaisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhkaisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattaisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             uhata
uhkaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhata
uhkaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhkaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhkaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhkaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhkaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattaisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhkaa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhatkoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhatkaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhatkaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhatkoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhata
uhkaa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhatko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhatko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhatko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhatko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattako                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhata
uhata                                   :Inf1:                    uhata
uhatakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  uhata
uhatessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uhata
uhattaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uhata
uhaten                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uhata
uhkaamassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uhata
uhkaamasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uhata
uhkaamaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uhata
uhkaamalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uhata
uhkaamatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uhata
uhkaaman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uhata
uhattaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uhata
uhkaaminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                uhata
uhkaamista                              :Inf4:Par:                uhata
uhkaamaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    uhata
uhkaava                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uhata
uhattava                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uhata
uhannut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             uhata
uhattu                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             uhata
uhkaama                                 :Cip:Age:                 uhata
uhkaamaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhannut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uhata
uhannut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhannut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             uhata
uhannut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhannut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uhata
uhannut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uhata
uhannut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             uhata
uhannut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhata
uhannut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhannut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uhata
uhanneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uhata
uhattu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             uhata
uhannut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhata
uhanneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhata
uhattu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhata
uhittelen                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhitella
uhittelet                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhittelee                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhittelemme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhittelette                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhittelevat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhitellaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uhitella
uhittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhitella
uhittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitella                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhittelin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uhitella
uhittelit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhitteli                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhittelimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhittelitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhittelivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhitellen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhitella
uhitellet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhitellee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhitellemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhitellette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhitellevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uhitella
uhitelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhittelisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhitella
uhittelisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhittelisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhittelisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhittelisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             uhitella
uhittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhitella
uhittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhittele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhitelkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhitelkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhitelkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhitelkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhitella
uhittele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhitella
uhitella                                :Inf1:                    uhitella
uhitellakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uhitella
uhitellessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uhitella
uhiteltaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uhitella
uhitellen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uhitella
uhittelemassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uhitella
uhittelemasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uhitella
uhittelemaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uhitella
uhittelemalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uhitella
uhittelematta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uhitella
uhitteleman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uhitella
uhiteltaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uhitella
uhitteleminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                uhitella
uhittelemista                           :Inf4:Par:                uhitella
uhittelemaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    uhitella
uhitteleva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uhitella
uhiteltava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uhitella
uhitellut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             uhitella
uhittelema                              :Cip:Age:                 uhitella
uhittelematon                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhitellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uhitella
uhitellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhitellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             uhitella
uhitellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhitellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uhitella
uhitellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uhitella
uhitellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             uhitella
uhitellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhitellut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             uhitella
uhitellut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhitella
uhitelleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhitella
uhiteltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhitella
uhittelu                                :S:Nom:                   uhittelu
uhittelun                               :S:Gen:                   uhittelu
uhittelua                               :S:Par:                   uhittelu
uhittelussa                             :S:Ine:                   uhittelu
uhittelusta                             :S:Ela:                   uhittelu
uhitteluun                              :S:Ill:                   uhittelu
uhittelulla                             :S:Ade:                   uhittelu
uhittelulta                             :S:Abl:                   uhittelu
uhittelulle                             :S:All:                   uhittelu
uhitteluna                              :S:Ess:                   uhittelu
uhitteluksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhittelu
uhittelutta                             :S:Abe:                   uhittelu
uhittelut                               :P:Nom:                   uhittelu
uhittelujen                             :P:Gen:                   uhittelu
uhitteluiden                            :P:Gen:                   uhittelu
uhitteluitten                           :P:Gen:                   uhittelu
uhitteluja                              :P:Par:                   uhittelu
uhitteluita                             :P:Par:                   uhittelu
uhitteluissa                            :P:Ine:                   uhittelu
uhitteluista                            :P:Ela:                   uhittelu
uhitteluihin                            :P:Ill:                   uhittelu
uhitteluilla                            :P:Ade:                   uhittelu
uhitteluilta                            :P:Abl:                   uhittelu
uhitteluille                            :P:All:                   uhittelu
uhitteluina                             :P:Ess:                   uhittelu
uhitteluiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhittelu
uhitteluin                              :P:Ins:                   uhittelu
uhitteluitta                            :P:Abe:                   uhittelu
uhitteluine                             :P:Kom:                   uhittelu
uhka                                    :S:Nom:                   uhka
uhan                                    :S:Gen:                   uhka
uhkaa                                   :S:Par:                   uhka
uhassa                                  :S:Ine:                   uhka
uhasta                                  :S:Ela:                   uhka
uhkaan                                  :S:Ill:                   uhka
uhalla                                  :S:Ade:                   uhka
uhalta                                  :S:Abl:                   uhka
uhalle                                  :S:All:                   uhka
uhkana                                  :S:Ess:                   uhka
uhaksi                                  :S:Tra:                   uhka
uhatta                                  :S:Abe:                   uhka
uhat                                    :P:Nom:                   uhka
uhkien                                  :P:Gen:                   uhka
uhkain                                  :P:Gen:                   uhka
uhkia                                   :P:Par:                   uhka
uhissa                                  :P:Ine:                   uhka
uhista                                  :P:Ela:                   uhka
uhkiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uhka
uhilla                                  :P:Ade:                   uhka
uhilta                                  :P:Abl:                   uhka
uhille                                  :P:All:                   uhka
uhkina                                  :P:Ess:                   uhka
uhiksi                                  :P:Tra:                   uhka
uhin                                    :P:Ins:                   uhka
uhitta                                  :P:Abe:                   uhka
uhkine                                  :P:Kom:                   uhka
uhka                                    :S:Nom:                   uhka
uhkan                                   :S:Gen:                   uhka
uhkaa                                   :S:Par:                   uhka
uhkassa                                 :S:Ine:                   uhka
uhkasta                                 :S:Ela:                   uhka
uhkaan                                  :S:Ill:                   uhka
uhkalla                                 :S:Ade:                   uhka
uhkalta                                 :S:Abl:                   uhka
uhkalle                                 :S:All:                   uhka
uhkana                                  :S:Ess:                   uhka
uhkaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uhka
uhkatta                                 :S:Abe:                   uhka
uhkat                                   :P:Nom:                   uhka
uhkien                                  :P:Gen:                   uhka
uhkain                                  :P:Gen:                   uhka
uhkia                                   :P:Par:                   uhka
uhkissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uhka
uhkista                                 :P:Ela:                   uhka
uhkiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uhka
uhkilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uhka
uhkilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uhka
uhkille                                 :P:All:                   uhka
uhkina                                  :P:Ess:                   uhka
uhkiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uhka
uhkin                                   :P:Ins:                   uhka
uhkitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uhka
uhkine                                  :P:Kom:                   uhka
uhkaaja                                 :S:Nom:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajan                                :S:Gen:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajaa                                :S:Par:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajassa                              :S:Ine:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajasta                              :S:Ela:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajaan                               :S:Ill:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajalla                              :S:Ade:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajalta                              :S:Abl:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajalle                              :S:All:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajana                               :S:Ess:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajatta                              :S:Abe:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajat                                :P:Nom:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajien                               :P:Gen:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajain                               :P:Gen:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajia                                :P:Par:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajissa                              :P:Ine:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajista                              :P:Ela:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajiin                               :P:Ill:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajilla                              :P:Ade:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajilta                              :P:Abl:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajille                              :P:All:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajina                               :P:Ess:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajin                                :P:Ins:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajitta                              :P:Abe:                   uhkaaja
uhkaajine                               :P:Kom:                   uhkaaja
uhkaava                                 :S:Nom:                   uhkaava
uhkaavan                                :S:Gen:                   uhkaava
uhkaavaa                                :S:Par:                   uhkaava
uhkaavassa                              :S:Ine:                   uhkaava
uhkaavasta                              :S:Ela:                   uhkaava
uhkaavaan                               :S:Ill:                   uhkaava
uhkaavalla                              :S:Ade:                   uhkaava
uhkaavalta                              :S:Abl:                   uhkaava
uhkaavalle                              :S:All:                   uhkaava
uhkaavana                               :S:Ess:                   uhkaava
uhkaavaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uhkaava
uhkaavatta                              :S:Abe:                   uhkaava
uhkaavat                                :P:Nom:                   uhkaava
uhkaavien                               :P:Gen:                   uhkaava
uhkaavain                               :P:Gen:                   uhkaava
uhkaavia                                :P:Par:                   uhkaava
uhkaavissa                              :P:Ine:                   uhkaava
uhkaavista                              :P:Ela:                   uhkaava
uhkaaviin                               :P:Ill:                   uhkaava
uhkaavilla                              :P:Ade:                   uhkaava
uhkaavilta                              :P:Abl:                   uhkaava
uhkaaville                              :P:All:                   uhkaava
uhkaavina                               :P:Ess:                   uhkaava
uhkaaviksi                              :P:Tra:                   uhkaava
uhkaavin                                :P:Ins:                   uhkaava
uhkaavitta                              :P:Abe:                   uhkaava
uhkaavine                               :P:Kom:                   uhkaava
uhkaavuus                               :S:Nom:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuden                             :S:Gen:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuutta                             :S:Par:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuudessa                           :S:Ine:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuudesta                           :S:Ela:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuteen                            :S:Ill:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuudella                           :S:Ade:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuudelta                           :S:Abl:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuudelle                           :S:All:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuutena                            :S:Ess:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuutta                             :S:Abe:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuudet                             :P:Nom:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksien                           :P:Gen:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksia                            :P:Par:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksista                          :P:Ela:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksille                          :P:All:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksina                           :P:Ess:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksin                            :P:Ins:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   uhkaavuus
uhkaavuuksine                           :P:Kom:                   uhkaavuus
uhkailen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhkailla
uhkailet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkailee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkailette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkailevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkaillaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailla                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkailin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uhkailla
uhkailit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkaili                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkailitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkailivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkaillen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhkailla
uhkaillet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkaillee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkaillemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkaillette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkaillevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkailisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhkailla
uhkailisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkailisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkailisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkaile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkailkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkailkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkailkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkailla                                :Inf1:                    uhkailla
uhkaillakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uhkailla
uhkaillessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uhkailla
uhkailtaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uhkailla
uhkaillen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uhkailla
uhkailemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uhkailla
uhkailemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uhkailla
uhkailemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uhkailla
uhkailemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uhkailla
uhkailematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uhkailla
uhkaileman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uhkailla
uhkailtaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uhkailla
uhkaileminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uhkailla
uhkailemista                            :Inf4:Par:                uhkailla
uhkailemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uhkailla
uhkaileva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uhkailla
uhkailtava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkailema                               :Cip:Age:                 uhkailla
uhkailematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             uhkailla
uhkaillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkailla
uhkailtu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhkailla
uhkailu                                 :S:Nom:                   uhkailu
uhkailun                                :S:Gen:                   uhkailu
uhkailua                                :S:Par:                   uhkailu
uhkailussa                              :S:Ine:                   uhkailu
uhkailusta                              :S:Ela:                   uhkailu
uhkailuun                               :S:Ill:                   uhkailu
uhkailulla                              :S:Ade:                   uhkailu
uhkailulta                              :S:Abl:                   uhkailu
uhkailulle                              :S:All:                   uhkailu
uhkailuna                               :S:Ess:                   uhkailu
uhkailuksi                              :S:Tra:                   uhkailu
uhkailutta                              :S:Abe:                   uhkailu
uhkailut                                :P:Nom:                   uhkailu
uhkailujen                              :P:Gen:                   uhkailu
uhkailuiden                             :P:Gen:                   uhkailu
uhkailuitten                            :P:Gen:                   uhkailu
uhkailuja                               :P:Par:                   uhkailu
uhkailuita                              :P:Par:                   uhkailu
uhkailuissa                             :P:Ine:                   uhkailu
uhkailuista                             :P:Ela:                   uhkailu
uhkailuihin                             :P:Ill:                   uhkailu
uhkailuilla                             :P:Ade:                   uhkailu
uhkailuilta                             :P:Abl:                   uhkailu
uhkailuille                             :P:All:                   uhkailu
uhkailuina                              :P:Ess:                   uhkailu
uhkailuiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uhkailu
uhkailuin                               :P:Ins:                   uhkailu
uhkailuitta                             :P:Abe:                   uhkailu
uhkailuine                              :P:Kom:                   uhkailu
uhkakuva                                :S:Nom:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvan                               :S:Gen:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvaa                               :S:Par:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvassa                             :S:Ine:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvasta                             :S:Ela:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvaan                              :S:Ill:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvalla                             :S:Ade:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvalta                             :S:Abl:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvalle                             :S:All:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvana                              :S:Ess:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvatta                             :S:Abe:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvat                               :P:Nom:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvien                              :P:Gen:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvain                              :P:Gen:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvia                               :P:Par:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvissa                             :P:Ine:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvista                             :P:Ela:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuviin                              :P:Ill:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvilla                             :P:Ade:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvilta                             :P:Abl:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuville                             :P:All:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvina                              :P:Ess:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuviksi                             :P:Tra:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvin                               :P:Ins:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvitta                             :P:Abe:                   uhkakuva
uhkakuvine                              :P:Kom:                   uhkakuva
uhkapeli                                :S:Nom:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelin                               :S:Gen:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeliä                               :S:Par:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelissä                             :S:Ine:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelistä                             :S:Ela:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeliin                              :S:Ill:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelillä                             :S:Ade:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeliltä                             :S:Abl:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelille                             :S:All:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelinä                              :S:Ess:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeliksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelittä                             :S:Abe:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelit                               :P:Nom:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelien                              :P:Gen:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelejä                              :P:Par:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleissä                            :P:Ine:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleistä                            :P:Ela:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleihin                            :P:Ill:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleillä                            :P:Ade:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleiltä                            :P:Abl:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleille                            :P:All:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleinä                             :P:Ess:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhkapeli
uhkapelein                              :P:Ins:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleittä                            :P:Abe:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeleine                             :P:Kom:                   uhkapeli
uhkapeluri                              :S:Nom:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurin                             :S:Gen:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapeluria                             :S:Par:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurissa                           :S:Ine:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurista                           :S:Ela:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapeluriin                            :S:Ill:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurilla                           :S:Ade:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurilta                           :S:Abl:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurille                           :S:All:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurina                            :S:Ess:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapeluriksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapeluritta                           :S:Abe:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurit                             :P:Nom:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurien                            :P:Gen:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureiden                          :P:Gen:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureitten                         :P:Gen:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureja                            :P:Par:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureita                           :P:Par:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureissa                          :P:Ine:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureista                          :P:Ela:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureihin                          :P:Ill:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureilla                          :P:Ade:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureilta                          :P:Abl:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureille                          :P:All:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureina                           :P:Ess:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelurein                            :P:Ins:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureitta                          :P:Abe:                   uhkapeluri
uhkapelureine                           :P:Kom:                   uhkapeluri
uhkarohkea                              :S:Nom:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkean                             :S:Gen:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeaa                             :S:Par:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeassa                           :S:Ine:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeasta                           :S:Ela:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeaan                            :S:Ill:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkealla                           :S:Ade:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkealta                           :S:Abl:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkealle                           :S:All:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeana                            :S:Ess:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeatta                           :S:Abe:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeat                             :P:Nom:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeiden                           :P:Gen:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeitten                          :P:Gen:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeain                            :P:Gen:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeita                            :P:Par:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeissa                           :P:Ine:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeista                           :P:Ela:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeihin                           :P:Ill:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeilla                           :P:Ade:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeilta                           :P:Abl:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeille                           :P:All:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeina                            :P:Ess:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkein                             :P:Ins:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeitta                           :P:Abe:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeine                            :P:Kom:                   uhkarohkea
uhkarohkeus                             :S:Nom:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuden                           :S:Gen:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeutta                           :S:Par:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeudella                         :S:Ade:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeudelle                         :S:All:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeutena                          :S:Ess:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeutta                           :S:Abe:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeudet                           :P:Nom:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksia                          :P:Par:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksille                        :P:All:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkarohkeuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uhkarohkeus
uhkasakko                               :S:Nom:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakon                               :S:Gen:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakkoa                              :S:Par:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakossa                             :S:Ine:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakosta                             :S:Ela:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakkoon                             :S:Ill:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakolla                             :S:Ade:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakolta                             :S:Abl:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakolle                             :S:All:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakkona                             :S:Ess:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakotta                             :S:Abe:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakot                               :P:Nom:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakkojen                            :P:Gen:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakkoja                             :P:Par:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoista                            :P:Ela:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoille                            :P:All:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakkoina                            :P:Ess:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoin                              :P:Ins:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uhkasakko
uhkasakkoine                            :P:Kom:                   uhkasakko
uhkaus                                  :S:Nom:                   uhkaus
uhkauksen                               :S:Gen:                   uhkaus
uhkausta                                :S:Par:                   uhkaus
uhkauksessa                             :S:Ine:                   uhkaus
uhkauksesta                             :S:Ela:                   uhkaus
uhkaukseen                              :S:Ill:                   uhkaus
uhkauksella                             :S:Ade:                   uhkaus
uhkaukselta                             :S:Abl:                   uhkaus
uhkaukselle                             :S:All:                   uhkaus
uhkauksena                              :S:Ess:                   uhkaus
uhkaukseksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhkaus
uhkauksetta                             :S:Abe:                   uhkaus
uhkaukset                               :P:Nom:                   uhkaus
uhkausten                               :P:Gen:                   uhkaus
uhkauksien                              :P:Gen:                   uhkaus
uhkauksia                               :P:Par:                   uhkaus
uhkauksissa                             :P:Ine:                   uhkaus
uhkauksista                             :P:Ela:                   uhkaus
uhkauksiin                              :P:Ill:                   uhkaus
uhkauksilla                             :P:Ade:                   uhkaus
uhkauksilta                             :P:Abl:                   uhkaus
uhkauksille                             :P:All:                   uhkaus
uhkauksina                              :P:Ess:                   uhkaus
uhkauksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uhkaus
uhkauksin                               :P:Ins:                   uhkaus
uhkauksitta                             :P:Abe:                   uhkaus
uhkauksine                              :P:Kom:                   uhkaus
uhkauskirje                             :S:Nom:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeen                           :S:Gen:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjettä                          :S:Par:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeessä                         :S:Ine:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeestä                         :S:Ela:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeeseen                        :S:Ill:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeellä                         :S:Ade:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeeltä                         :S:Abl:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeelle                         :S:All:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeenä                          :S:Ess:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeettä                         :S:Abe:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeet                           :P:Nom:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeiden                         :P:Gen:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeitten                        :P:Gen:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeitä                          :P:Par:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeissä                         :P:Ine:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeistä                         :P:Ela:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeisiin                        :P:Ill:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeihin                         :P:Ill:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeillä                         :P:Ade:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeille                         :P:All:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeinä                          :P:Ess:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjein                           :P:Ins:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeittä                         :P:Abe:                   uhkauskirje
uhkauskirjeine                          :P:Kom:                   uhkauskirje
uhkavaatimus                            :S:Nom:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksen                         :S:Gen:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimusta                          :S:Par:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimukseen                        :S:Ill:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksella                       :S:Ade:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimukselta                       :S:Abl:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimukselle                       :S:All:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksena                        :S:Ess:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimukset                         :P:Nom:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimusten                         :P:Gen:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksien                        :P:Gen:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksia                         :P:Par:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksista                       :P:Ela:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksille                       :P:All:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksina                        :P:Ess:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksin                         :P:Ins:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkavaatimuksine                        :P:Kom:                   uhkavaatimus
uhkayritys                              :S:Nom:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksen                           :S:Gen:                   uhkayritys
uhkayritystä                            :S:Par:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksessä                         :S:Ine:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksestä                         :S:Ela:                   uhkayritys
uhkayritykseen                          :S:Ill:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksellä                         :S:Ade:                   uhkayritys
uhkayritykseltä                         :S:Abl:                   uhkayritys
uhkayritykselle                         :S:All:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksenä                          :S:Ess:                   uhkayritys
uhkayritykseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksettä                         :S:Abe:                   uhkayritys
uhkayritykset                           :P:Nom:                   uhkayritys
uhkayritysten                           :P:Gen:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksien                          :P:Gen:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksiä                           :P:Par:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksissä                         :P:Ine:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksistä                         :P:Ela:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksiin                          :P:Ill:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksillä                         :P:Ade:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksille                         :P:All:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksinä                          :P:Ess:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksin                           :P:Ins:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksittä                         :P:Abe:                   uhkayritys
uhkayrityksine                          :P:Kom:                   uhkayritys
uhkea                                   :S:Nom:                   uhkea
uhkean                                  :S:Gen:                   uhkea
uhkeaa                                  :S:Par:                   uhkea
uhkeassa                                :S:Ine:                   uhkea
uhkeasta                                :S:Ela:                   uhkea
uhkeaan                                 :S:Ill:                   uhkea
uhkealla                                :S:Ade:                   uhkea
uhkealta                                :S:Abl:                   uhkea
uhkealle                                :S:All:                   uhkea
uhkeana                                 :S:Ess:                   uhkea
uhkeaksi                                :S:Tra:                   uhkea
uhkeatta                                :S:Abe:                   uhkea
uhkeat                                  :P:Nom:                   uhkea
uhkeiden                                :P:Gen:                   uhkea
uhkeitten                               :P:Gen:                   uhkea
uhkeain                                 :P:Gen:                   uhkea
uhkeita                                 :P:Par:                   uhkea
uhkeissa                                :P:Ine:                   uhkea
uhkeista                                :P:Ela:                   uhkea
uhkeisiin                               :P:Ill:                   uhkea
uhkeihin                                :P:Ill:                   uhkea
uhkeilla                                :P:Ade:                   uhkea
uhkeilta                                :P:Abl:                   uhkea
uhkeille                                :P:All:                   uhkea
uhkeina                                 :P:Ess:                   uhkea
uhkeiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uhkea
uhkein                                  :P:Ins:                   uhkea
uhkeitta                                :P:Abe:                   uhkea
uhkeine                                 :P:Kom:                   uhkea
uhkeapovinen                            :S:Nom:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisen                            :S:Gen:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovista                            :S:Par:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisessa                          :S:Ine:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisesta                          :S:Ela:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapoviseen                           :S:Ill:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisella                          :S:Ade:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapoviselta                          :S:Abl:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapoviselle                          :S:All:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisena                           :S:Ess:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapoviseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisetta                          :S:Abe:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapoviset                            :P:Nom:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisten                           :P:Gen:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisin                            :P:Gen:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisia                            :P:Par:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisissa                          :P:Ine:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisista                          :P:Ela:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisiin                           :P:Ill:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisilla                          :P:Ade:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisilta                          :P:Abl:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisille                          :P:All:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisina                           :P:Ess:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisin                            :P:Ins:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisitta                          :P:Abe:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkeapovisine                           :P:Kom:                   uhkeapovinen
uhkearintainen                          :S:Nom:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisen                          :S:Gen:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaista                          :S:Par:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisella                        :S:Ade:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaiselle                        :S:All:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisena                         :S:Ess:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaiset                          :P:Nom:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisten                         :P:Gen:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisin                          :P:Gen:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisia                          :P:Par:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisista                        :P:Ela:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisille                        :P:All:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisina                         :P:Ess:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisin                          :P:Ins:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   uhkearintainen
uhkearintaisine                         :P:Kom:                   uhkearintainen
uhkeavartaloinen                        :S:Nom:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisen                        :S:Gen:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloista                        :S:Par:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisessa                      :S:Ine:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisesta                      :S:Ela:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloiseen                       :S:Ill:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisella                      :S:Ade:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloiselta                      :S:Abl:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloiselle                      :S:All:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisena                       :S:Ess:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisetta                      :S:Abe:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloiset                        :P:Nom:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisten                       :P:Gen:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisin                        :P:Gen:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisia                        :P:Par:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisissa                      :P:Ine:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisista                      :P:Ela:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisiin                       :P:Ill:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisilla                      :P:Ade:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisilta                      :P:Abl:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisille                      :P:All:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisina                       :P:Ess:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisin                        :P:Ins:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisitta                      :P:Abe:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeavartaloisine                       :P:Kom:                   uhkeavartaloinen
uhkeus                                  :S:Nom:                   uhkeus
uhkeuden                                :S:Gen:                   uhkeus
uhkeutta                                :S:Par:                   uhkeus
uhkeudessa                              :S:Ine:                   uhkeus
uhkeudesta                              :S:Ela:                   uhkeus
uhkeuteen                               :S:Ill:                   uhkeus
uhkeudella                              :S:Ade:                   uhkeus
uhkeudelta                              :S:Abl:                   uhkeus
uhkeudelle                              :S:All:                   uhkeus
uhkeutena                               :S:Ess:                   uhkeus
uhkeudeksi                              :S:Tra:                   uhkeus
uhkeutta                                :S:Abe:                   uhkeus
uhkeudet                                :P:Nom:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksien                              :P:Gen:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksia                               :P:Par:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksissa                             :P:Ine:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksista                             :P:Ela:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksiin                              :P:Ill:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksilla                             :P:Ade:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksilta                             :P:Abl:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksille                             :P:All:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksina                              :P:Ess:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksin                               :P:Ins:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksitta                             :P:Abe:                   uhkeus
uhkeuksine                              :P:Kom:                   uhkeus
uhku                                    :S:Nom:                   uhku
uhkun                                   :S:Gen:                   uhku
uhkua                                   :S:Par:                   uhku
uhkussa                                 :S:Ine:                   uhku
uhkusta                                 :S:Ela:                   uhku
uhkuun                                  :S:Ill:                   uhku
uhkulla                                 :S:Ade:                   uhku
uhkulta                                 :S:Abl:                   uhku
uhkulle                                 :S:All:                   uhku
uhkuna                                  :S:Ess:                   uhku
uhkuksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uhku
uhkutta                                 :S:Abe:                   uhku
uhkut                                   :P:Nom:                   uhku
uhkujen                                 :P:Gen:                   uhku
uhkuja                                  :P:Par:                   uhku
uhkuissa                                :P:Ine:                   uhku
uhkuista                                :P:Ela:                   uhku
uhkuihin                                :P:Ill:                   uhku
uhkuilla                                :P:Ade:                   uhku
uhkuilta                                :P:Abl:                   uhku
uhkuille                                :P:All:                   uhku
uhkuina                                 :P:Ess:                   uhku
uhkuiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uhku
uhkuin                                  :P:Ins:                   uhku
uhkuitta                                :P:Abe:                   uhku
uhkuine                                 :P:Kom:                   uhku
uhkun                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhkua
uhkut                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkuu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkumme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkutte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkuvat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkutaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uhkua
uhku                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkua
uhku                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhku                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhku                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhku                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhku                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhkuin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uhkua
uhkuit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkui                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkuimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkuitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkuivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhkunen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhkua
uhkunet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkunee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkunemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkunette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkunevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uhkua
uhkune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhkuisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhkua
uhkuisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkuisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkuisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkuisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uhkua
uhkuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhku                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkukoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkukaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkukaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkukoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhkua
uhku                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhkua
uhkua                                   :Inf1:                    uhkua
uhkuakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  uhkua
uhkuessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uhkua
uhkuttaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uhkua
uhkuen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uhkua
uhkumassa                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uhkua
uhkumasta                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uhkua
uhkumaan                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uhkua
uhkumalla                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uhkua
uhkumatta                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uhkua
uhkuman                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uhkua
uhkuttaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uhkua
uhkuminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                uhkua
uhkumista                               :Inf4:Par:                uhkua
uhkumaisillaan                          :Inf5:                    uhkua
uhkuva                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uhkua
uhkuttava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uhkua
uhkuma                                  :Cip:Age:                 uhkua
uhkumaton                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uhkua
uhkunut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhkua
uhkuttu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhkua
uhkuavanto                              :S:Nom:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannon                             :S:Gen:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavantoa                             :S:Par:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannossa                           :S:Ine:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannosta                           :S:Ela:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavantoon                            :S:Ill:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannolla                           :S:Ade:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannolta                           :S:Abl:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannolle                           :S:All:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavantona                            :S:Ess:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannotta                           :S:Abe:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannot                             :P:Nom:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavantojen                           :P:Gen:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavantoja                            :P:Par:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoista                          :P:Ela:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavantoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoille                          :P:All:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavantoina                           :P:Ess:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoin                            :P:Ins:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavannoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uhkuavanto
uhkuavantoine                           :P:Kom:                   uhkuavanto
uhma                                    :S:Nom:                   uhma
uhman                                   :S:Gen:                   uhma
uhmaa                                   :S:Par:                   uhma
uhmassa                                 :S:Ine:                   uhma
uhmasta                                 :S:Ela:                   uhma
uhmaan                                  :S:Ill:                   uhma
uhmalla                                 :S:Ade:                   uhma
uhmalta                                 :S:Abl:                   uhma
uhmalle                                 :S:All:                   uhma
uhmana                                  :S:Ess:                   uhma
uhmaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uhma
uhmatta                                 :S:Abe:                   uhma
uhmat                                   :P:Nom:                   uhma
uhmien                                  :P:Gen:                   uhma
uhmain                                  :P:Gen:                   uhma
uhmia                                   :P:Par:                   uhma
uhmissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uhma
uhmista                                 :P:Ela:                   uhma
uhmiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uhma
uhmilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uhma
uhmilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uhma
uhmille                                 :P:All:                   uhma
uhmina                                  :P:Ess:                   uhma
uhmiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uhma
uhmin                                   :P:Ins:                   uhma
uhmitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uhma
uhmine                                  :P:Kom:                   uhma
uhmaikä                                 :S:Nom:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiän                                 :S:Gen:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikää                                :S:Par:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiässä                               :S:Ine:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiästä                               :S:Ela:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikään                               :S:Ill:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiällä                               :S:Ade:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiältä                               :S:Abl:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiälle                               :S:All:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikänä                               :S:Ess:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiäksi                               :S:Tra:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiättä                               :S:Abe:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiät                                 :P:Nom:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikien                               :P:Gen:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikäin                               :P:Gen:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikiä                                :P:Par:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiissä                               :P:Ine:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiistä                               :P:Ela:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikiin                               :P:Ill:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiillä                               :P:Ade:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiiltä                               :P:Abl:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiille                               :P:All:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikinä                               :P:Ess:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiin                                 :P:Ins:                   uhmaikä
uhmaiittä                               :P:Abe:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikine                               :P:Kom:                   uhmaikä
uhmaikäinen                             :S:Nom:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisen                             :S:Gen:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäistä                             :S:Par:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisessä                           :S:Ine:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisestä                           :S:Ela:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäiseen                            :S:Ill:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisellä                           :S:Ade:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäiselle                           :S:All:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisenä                            :S:Ess:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisettä                           :S:Abe:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäiset                             :P:Nom:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisten                            :P:Gen:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisin                             :P:Gen:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisiä                             :P:Par:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisissä                           :P:Ine:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisistä                           :P:Ela:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisillä                           :P:Ade:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisille                           :P:All:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisinä                            :P:Ess:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisin                             :P:Ins:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisittä                           :P:Abe:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmaikäisine                            :P:Kom:                   uhmaikäinen
uhmainen                                :S:Nom:                   uhmainen
uhmaisen                                :S:Gen:                   uhmainen
uhmaista                                :S:Par:                   uhmainen
uhmaisessa                              :S:Ine:                   uhmainen
uhmaisesta                              :S:Ela:                   uhmainen
uhmaiseen                               :S:Ill:                   uhmainen
uhmaisella                              :S:Ade:                   uhmainen
uhmaiselta                              :S:Abl:                   uhmainen
uhmaiselle                              :S:All:                   uhmainen
uhmaisena                               :S:Ess:                   uhmainen
uhmaiseksi                              :S:Tra:                   uhmainen
uhmaisetta                              :S:Abe:                   uhmainen
uhmaiset                                :P:Nom:                   uhmainen
uhmaisten                               :P:Gen:                   uhmainen
uhmaisin                                :P:Gen:                   uhmainen
uhmaisia                                :P:Par:                   uhmainen
uhmaisissa                              :P:Ine:                   uhmainen
uhmaisista                              :P:Ela:                   uhmainen
uhmaisiin                               :P:Ill:                   uhmainen
uhmaisilla                              :P:Ade:                   uhmainen
uhmaisilta                              :P:Abl:                   uhmainen
uhmaisille                              :P:All:                   uhmainen
uhmaisina                               :P:Ess:                   uhmainen
uhmaisiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uhmainen
uhmaisin                                :P:Ins:                   uhmainen
uhmaisitta                              :P:Abe:                   uhmainen
uhmaisine                               :P:Kom:                   uhmainen
uhmaisa                                 :S:Nom:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisan                                :S:Gen:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisaa                                :S:Par:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisassa                              :S:Ine:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisasta                              :S:Ela:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisaan                               :S:Ill:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisalla                              :S:Ade:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisalta                              :S:Abl:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisalle                              :S:All:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisana                               :S:Ess:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisatta                              :S:Abe:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisat                                :P:Nom:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisien                               :P:Gen:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisain                               :P:Gen:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisia                                :P:Par:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisissa                              :P:Ine:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisista                              :P:Ela:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisiin                               :P:Ill:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisilla                              :P:Ade:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisilta                              :P:Abl:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisille                              :P:All:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisina                               :P:Ess:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisin                                :P:Ins:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisitta                              :P:Abe:                   uhmaisa
uhmaisine                               :P:Kom:                   uhmaisa
uhmakas                                 :S:Nom:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaan                               :S:Gen:                   uhmakas
uhmakasta                               :S:Par:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaassa                             :S:Ine:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaasta                             :S:Ela:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaaseen                            :S:Ill:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaalla                             :S:Ade:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaalta                             :S:Abl:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaalle                             :S:All:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaana                              :S:Ess:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaatta                             :S:Abe:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaat                               :P:Nom:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaiden                             :P:Gen:                   uhmakas
uhmakaitten                             :P:Gen:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaita                              :P:Par:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaissa                             :P:Ine:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaista                             :P:Ela:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uhmakas
uhmakkailla                             :P:Ade:                   uhmakas
uhmakkailta                             :P:Abl:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaille                             :P:All:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaina                              :P:Ess:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uhmakas
uhmakkain                               :P:Ins:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaitta                             :P:Abe:                   uhmakas
uhmakkaine                              :P:Kom:                   uhmakas
uhmakausi                               :S:Nom:                   uhmakausi
uhmakauden                              :S:Gen:                   uhmakausi
uhmakautta                              :S:Par:                   uhmakausi
uhmakaudessa                            :S:Ine:                   uhmakausi
uhmakaudesta                            :S:Ela:                   uhmakausi
uhmakauteen                             :S:Ill:                   uhmakausi
uhmakaudella                            :S:Ade:                   uhmakausi
uhmakaudelta                            :S:Abl:                   uhmakausi
uhmakaudelle                            :S:All:                   uhmakausi
uhmakautena                             :S:Ess:                   uhmakausi
uhmakaudeksi                            :S:Tra:                   uhmakausi
uhmakaudetta                            :S:Abe:                   uhmakausi
uhmakaudet                              :P:Nom:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausien                             :P:Gen:                   uhmakausi
uhmakautten                             :P:Gen:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausia                              :P:Par:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausissa                            :P:Ine:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausista                            :P:Ela:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausiin                             :P:Ill:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausilla                            :P:Ade:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausilta                            :P:Abl:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausille                            :P:All:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausina                             :P:Ess:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausiin                             :P:Ins:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausitta                            :P:Abe:                   uhmakausi
uhmakausine                             :P:Kom:                   uhmakausi
uhmakkuus                               :S:Nom:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuden                             :S:Gen:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuutta                             :S:Par:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuudessa                           :S:Ine:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuudesta                           :S:Ela:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuteen                            :S:Ill:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuudella                           :S:Ade:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuudelta                           :S:Abl:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuudelle                           :S:All:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuutena                            :S:Ess:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuutta                             :S:Abe:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuudet                             :P:Nom:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksien                           :P:Gen:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksia                            :P:Par:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksista                          :P:Ela:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksille                          :P:All:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksina                           :P:Ess:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksin                            :P:Ins:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   uhmakkuus
uhmakkuuksine                           :P:Kom:                   uhmakkuus
uhmamieli                               :S:Nom:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielen                              :S:Gen:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieltä                              :S:Par:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielessä                            :S:Ine:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielestä                            :S:Ela:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieleen                             :S:Ill:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielellä                            :S:Ade:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieleltä                            :S:Abl:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielelle                            :S:All:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielenä                             :S:Ess:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieleksi                            :S:Tra:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielettä                            :S:Abe:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielet                              :P:Nom:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielten                             :P:Gen:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielien                             :P:Gen:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieliä                              :P:Par:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielissä                            :P:Ine:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielistä                            :P:Ela:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieliin                             :P:Ill:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielillä                            :P:Ade:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieliltä                            :P:Abl:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielille                            :P:All:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielinä                             :P:Ess:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieliksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielin                              :P:Ins:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielittä                            :P:Abe:                   uhmamieli
uhmamieline                             :P:Kom:                   uhmamieli
uhmamielinen                            :S:Nom:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisen                            :S:Gen:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielistä                            :S:Par:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisessä                          :S:Ine:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisestä                          :S:Ela:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamieliseen                           :S:Ill:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisellä                          :S:Ade:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamieliseltä                          :S:Abl:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamieliselle                          :S:All:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisenä                           :S:Ess:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamieliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisettä                          :S:Abe:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamieliset                            :P:Nom:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisten                           :P:Gen:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisin                            :P:Gen:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisiä                            :P:Par:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisissä                          :P:Ine:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisistä                          :P:Ela:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisiin                           :P:Ill:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisillä                          :P:Ade:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisille                          :P:All:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisinä                           :P:Ess:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisin                            :P:Ins:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisittä                          :P:Abe:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisine                           :P:Kom:                   uhmamielinen
uhmamielisyys                           :S:Nom:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyden                         :S:Gen:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyttä                         :S:Par:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyydessä                       :S:Ine:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyydestä                       :S:Ela:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyteen                        :S:Ill:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyydellä                       :S:Ade:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyydeltä                       :S:Abl:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyydelle                       :S:All:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyytenä                        :S:Ess:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyydeksi                       :S:Tra:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyttä                         :S:Abe:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyydet                         :P:Nom:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksien                       :P:Gen:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksiä                        :P:Par:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksille                      :P:All:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksin                        :P:Ins:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmamielisyyksine                       :P:Kom:                   uhmamielisyys
uhmapäinen                              :S:Nom:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisen                              :S:Gen:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäistä                              :S:Par:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisessä                            :S:Ine:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisestä                            :S:Ela:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäiseen                             :S:Ill:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisellä                            :S:Ade:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäiselle                            :S:All:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisenä                             :S:Ess:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisettä                            :S:Abe:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäiset                              :P:Nom:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisten                             :P:Gen:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisin                              :P:Gen:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisiä                              :P:Par:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisissä                            :P:Ine:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisistä                            :P:Ela:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisiin                             :P:Ill:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisillä                            :P:Ade:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisille                            :P:All:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisinä                             :P:Ess:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisin                              :P:Ins:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisittä                            :P:Abe:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisine                             :P:Kom:                   uhmapäinen
uhmapäisyys                             :S:Nom:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyden                           :S:Gen:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyytta                           :S:Par:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyydessa                         :S:Ine:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyydesta                         :S:Ela:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyteen                          :S:Ill:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyydella                         :S:Ade:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyydelta                         :S:Abl:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyydelle                         :S:All:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyytena                          :S:Ess:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyydeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyytta                           :S:Abe:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyydet                           :P:Nom:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksien                         :P:Gen:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksia                          :P:Par:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksista                        :P:Ela:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksille                        :P:All:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksina                         :P:Ess:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksin                          :P:Ins:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmapäisyyksine                         :P:Kom:                   uhmapäisyys
uhmaan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhmata
uhmaat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmaamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmaatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmaavat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmataan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmata                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uhmasin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uhmata
uhmasit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmasi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmasimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmasitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmasivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uhmannen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhmata
uhmannet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmannee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmannemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmannette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmannevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uhmata
uhmanne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uhmaisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhmata
uhmaisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmaisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmaisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmaisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uhmata
uhmaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmatkoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmatkaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmatkaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmatkoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhmata
uhmaa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmatko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmatko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmatko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmatko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhmata
uhmata                                  :Inf1:                    uhmata
uhmatakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  uhmata
uhmatessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uhmata
uhmattaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uhmata
uhmaten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uhmata
uhmaamassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uhmata
uhmaamasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uhmata
uhmaamaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uhmata
uhmaamalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uhmata
uhmaamatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uhmata
uhmaaman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uhmata
uhmattaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uhmata
uhmaaminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                uhmata
uhmaamista                              :Inf4:Par:                uhmata
uhmaamaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    uhmata
uhmaava                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uhmata
uhmattava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uhmata
uhmannut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uhmata
uhmaama                                 :Cip:Age:                 uhmata
uhmaamaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uhmannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uhmata
uhmannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uhmata
uhmannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uhmannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uhmata
uhmannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uhmata
uhmannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uhmata
uhmannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uhmannut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uhmata
uhmannut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmanneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhmata
uhmattu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhmata
uho                                     :S:Nom:                   uho
uhon                                    :S:Gen:                   uho
uhoa                                    :S:Par:                   uho
uhossa                                  :S:Ine:                   uho
uhosta                                  :S:Ela:                   uho
uhoon                                   :S:Ill:                   uho
uholla                                  :S:Ade:                   uho
uholta                                  :S:Abl:                   uho
uholle                                  :S:All:                   uho
uhona                                   :S:Ess:                   uho
uhoksi                                  :S:Tra:                   uho
uhotta                                  :S:Abe:                   uho
uhot                                    :P:Nom:                   uho
uhojen                                  :P:Gen:                   uho
uhoja                                   :P:Par:                   uho
uhoissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uho
uhoista                                 :P:Ela:                   uho
uhoihin                                 :P:Ill:                   uho
uhoilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uho
uhoilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uho
uhoille                                 :P:All:                   uho
uhoina                                  :P:Ess:                   uho
uhoiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uho
uhoin                                   :P:Ins:                   uho
uhoitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uho
uhoine                                  :P:Kom:                   uho
uhoan                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhoat                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhoaa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhoamme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhoatte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhoavat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhotaan                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uhota
uhoa                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhoa                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhoa                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhoa                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhoa                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhoa                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhota                                   :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhosin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhosit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhosi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhosimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhositte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhosivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottu                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhonnen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhonnet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhonnee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhonnemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhonnette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhonnevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottaneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uhota
uhone                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhone                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhone                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhone                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhone                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhone                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottane                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhoaisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhoisin                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhoaisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhoisit                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhoaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhoisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhoaisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhoisimme                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhoaisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhoisitte                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhoaisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhoisivat                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottaisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             uhota
uhoaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhoisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhoaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhoisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhoaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhoisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhoaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhoisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhoaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhoisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhoaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhoisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhoa                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhotkoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhotkaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhotkaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhotkoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhota
uhoa                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottako                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhota
uhota                                   :Inf1:                    uhota
uhotakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  uhota
uhotessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uhota
uhottaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uhota
uhoten                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uhota
uhoamassa                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uhota
uhoamasta                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uhota
uhoamaan                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uhota
uhoamalla                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uhota
uhoamatta                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uhota
uhoaman                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uhota
uhottaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uhota
uhoaminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                uhota
uhoamista                               :Inf4:Par:                uhota
uhoamaisillaan                          :Inf5:                    uhota
uhoava                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uhota
uhottava                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uhota
uhonnut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             uhota
uhottu                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             uhota
uhoama                                  :Cip:Age:                 uhota
uhoamaton                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             uhota
uhonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uhota
uhonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uhota
uhonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             uhota
uhonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhota
uhonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhonnut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uhota
uhonneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uhota
uhottu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             uhota
uhonnut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhota
uhonneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhota
uhottu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhota
uhraan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhrata
uhraat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhraa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhraamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhraatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhraavat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrataan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uhrata
uhraa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrata
uhraa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhraa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhraa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhraa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhraa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrata                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhrasin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uhrata
uhrasit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhrasi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhrasimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhrasitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhrasivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhrannen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhrata
uhrannet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhrannee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhrannemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhrannette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhrannevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uhrata
uhranne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrata
uhranne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhranne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhranne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhranne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhranne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhraisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhrata
uhraisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhraisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhraisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhraisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhraisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uhrata
uhraisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrata
uhraisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhraisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhraisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhraisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhraisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhraa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhratkoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhratkaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhratkaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhratkoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhrata
uhraa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhratko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhratko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhratko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhratko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhrata
uhrata                                  :Inf1:                    uhrata
uhratakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  uhrata
uhratessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uhrata
uhrattaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uhrata
uhraten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uhrata
uhraamassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uhrata
uhraamasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uhrata
uhraamaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uhrata
uhraamalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uhrata
uhraamatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uhrata
uhraaman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uhrata
uhrattaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uhrata
uhraaminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                uhrata
uhraamista                              :Inf4:Par:                uhrata
uhraamaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    uhrata
uhraava                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uhrata
uhrattava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uhrata
uhrannut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uhrata
uhraama                                 :Cip:Age:                 uhrata
uhraamaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhrannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uhrata
uhrannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhrannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uhrata
uhrannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhrannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uhrata
uhrannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uhrata
uhrannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uhrata
uhrannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrata
uhrannut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhrannut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uhrata
uhranneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uhrata
uhrannut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrata
uhranneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrata
uhrattu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhrata
uhraus                                  :S:Nom:                   uhraus
uhrauksen                               :S:Gen:                   uhraus
uhrausta                                :S:Par:                   uhraus
uhrauksessa                             :S:Ine:                   uhraus
uhrauksesta                             :S:Ela:                   uhraus
uhraukseen                              :S:Ill:                   uhraus
uhrauksella                             :S:Ade:                   uhraus
uhraukselta                             :S:Abl:                   uhraus
uhraukselle                             :S:All:                   uhraus
uhrauksena                              :S:Ess:                   uhraus
uhraukseksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhraus
uhrauksetta                             :S:Abe:                   uhraus
uhraukset                               :P:Nom:                   uhraus
uhrausten                               :P:Gen:                   uhraus
uhrauksien                              :P:Gen:                   uhraus
uhrauksia                               :P:Par:                   uhraus
uhrauksissa                             :P:Ine:                   uhraus
uhrauksista                             :P:Ela:                   uhraus
uhrauksiin                              :P:Ill:                   uhraus
uhrauksilla                             :P:Ade:                   uhraus
uhrauksilta                             :P:Abl:                   uhraus
uhrauksille                             :P:All:                   uhraus
uhrauksina                              :P:Ess:                   uhraus
uhrauksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uhraus
uhrauksin                               :P:Ins:                   uhraus
uhrauksitta                             :P:Abe:                   uhraus
uhrauksine                              :P:Kom:                   uhraus
uhraudun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhrautua
uhraudut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhraudumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhraudutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhraudutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uhrautua
uhraudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhraudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhraudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhraudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhraudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhraudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhrauduin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uhrautua
uhrauduit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrauduimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhrauduitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhrautunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhrautua
uhrautunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrautunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhrautunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhrautuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uhrautua
uhrautuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrautuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhrautuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhraudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrautukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhrautukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhrautua
uhraudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautua                                :Inf1:                    uhrautua
uhrautuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uhrautua
uhrautuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uhrautua
uhrauduttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uhrautua
uhrautuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uhrautua
uhrautumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uhrautua
uhrautumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uhrautua
uhrautumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uhrautua
uhrautumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uhrautua
uhrautumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uhrautua
uhrautuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uhrautua
uhrauduttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uhrautua
uhrautuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uhrautua
uhrautumista                            :Inf4:Par:                uhrautua
uhrautumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uhrautua
uhrautuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uhrautua
uhrauduttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautuma                               :Cip:Age:                 uhrautua
uhrautumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uhrautua
uhrautunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrautuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uhrautua
uhrauduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uhrautua
uhrautuva                               :S:Nom:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvan                              :S:Gen:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvaa                              :S:Par:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvassa                            :S:Ine:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvasta                            :S:Ela:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvaan                             :S:Ill:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvalla                            :S:Ade:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvalta                            :S:Abl:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvalle                            :S:All:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvana                             :S:Ess:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvatta                            :S:Abe:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvat                              :P:Nom:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvien                             :P:Gen:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvain                             :P:Gen:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvia                              :P:Par:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvissa                            :P:Ine:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvista                            :P:Ela:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuviin                             :P:Ill:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvilla                            :P:Ade:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvilta                            :P:Abl:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuville                            :P:All:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvina                             :P:Ess:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuviksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvin                              :P:Ins:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvitta                            :P:Abe:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvine                             :P:Kom:                   uhrautuva
uhrautuvainen                           :S:Nom:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisen                           :S:Gen:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaista                           :S:Par:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisella                         :S:Ade:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaiselle                         :S:All:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisena                          :S:Ess:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaiset                           :P:Nom:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisten                          :P:Gen:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisin                           :P:Gen:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisia                           :P:Par:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisista                         :P:Ela:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisille                         :P:All:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisina                          :P:Ess:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisin                           :P:Ins:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvaisine                          :P:Kom:                   uhrautuvainen
uhrautuvuus                             :S:Nom:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuden                           :S:Gen:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuutta                           :S:Par:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuudella                         :S:Ade:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuudelle                         :S:All:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuutena                          :S:Ess:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuutta                           :S:Abe:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuudet                           :P:Nom:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksia                          :P:Par:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksille                        :P:All:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uhrautuvuus
uhrautuvuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uhrautuvuus
uhri                                    :S:Nom:                   uhri
uhrin                                   :S:Gen:                   uhri
uhria                                   :S:Par:                   uhri
uhrissa                                 :S:Ine:                   uhri
uhrista                                 :S:Ela:                   uhri
uhriin                                  :S:Ill:                   uhri
uhrilla                                 :S:Ade:                   uhri
uhrilta                                 :S:Abl:                   uhri
uhrille                                 :S:All:                   uhri
uhrina                                  :S:Ess:                   uhri
uhriksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uhri
uhritta                                 :S:Abe:                   uhri
uhrit                                   :P:Nom:                   uhri
uhrien                                  :P:Gen:                   uhri
uhreja                                  :P:Par:                   uhri
uhreissa                                :P:Ine:                   uhri
uhreista                                :P:Ela:                   uhri
uhreihin                                :P:Ill:                   uhri
uhreilla                                :P:Ade:                   uhri
uhreilta                                :P:Abl:                   uhri
uhreille                                :P:All:                   uhri
uhreina                                 :P:Ess:                   uhri
uhreiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uhri
uhrein                                  :P:Ins:                   uhri
uhreitta                                :P:Abe:                   uhri
uhreine                                 :P:Kom:                   uhri
uhrialttari                             :S:Nom:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarin                            :S:Gen:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttaria                            :S:Par:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarissa                          :S:Ine:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarista                          :S:Ela:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttariin                           :S:Ill:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarilla                          :S:Ade:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarilta                          :S:Abl:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarille                          :S:All:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarina                           :S:Ess:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttariksi                          :S:Tra:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttaritta                          :S:Abe:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarit                            :P:Nom:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarien                           :P:Gen:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareiden                         :P:Gen:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareitten                        :P:Gen:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareja                           :P:Par:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareita                          :P:Par:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareissa                         :P:Ine:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareista                         :P:Ela:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareihin                         :P:Ill:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareilla                         :P:Ade:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareilta                         :P:Abl:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareille                         :P:All:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareina                          :P:Ess:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttarein                           :P:Ins:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareitta                         :P:Abe:                   uhrialttari
uhrialttareine                          :P:Kom:                   uhrialttari
uhrieläin                               :S:Nom:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimen                             :S:Gen:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläintä                             :S:Par:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimessä                           :S:Ine:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimestä                           :S:Ela:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimeen                            :S:Ill:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimellä                           :S:Ade:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimeltä                           :S:Abl:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimelle                           :S:All:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimenä                            :S:Ess:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimettä                           :S:Abe:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimet                             :P:Nom:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimien                            :P:Gen:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläinten                            :P:Gen:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimiä                             :P:Par:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimissä                           :P:Ine:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimistä                           :P:Ela:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimiin                            :P:Ill:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimillä                           :P:Ade:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimille                           :P:All:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläiminä                            :P:Ess:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimin                             :P:Ins:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimittä                           :P:Abe:                   uhrieläin
uhrieläimine                            :P:Kom:                   uhrieläin
uhrikaritsa                             :S:Nom:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsan                            :S:Gen:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsaa                            :S:Par:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsassa                          :S:Ine:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsasta                          :S:Ela:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsaan                           :S:Ill:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsalla                          :S:Ade:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsalta                          :S:Abl:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsalle                          :S:All:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsana                           :S:Ess:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsatta                          :S:Abe:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsat                            :P:Nom:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoiden                         :P:Gen:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoitten                        :P:Gen:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsojen                          :P:Gen:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsain                           :P:Gen:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoita                          :P:Par:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoja                           :P:Par:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoissa                         :P:Ine:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoista                         :P:Ela:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoihin                         :P:Ill:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoilla                         :P:Ade:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoilta                         :P:Abl:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoille                         :P:All:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoina                          :P:Ess:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoin                           :P:Ins:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoitta                         :P:Abe:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikaritsoine                          :P:Kom:                   uhrikaritsa
uhrikivi                                :S:Nom:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiven                               :S:Gen:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiveä                               :S:Par:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivessä                             :S:Ine:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivestä                             :S:Ela:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiveen                              :S:Ill:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivellä                             :S:Ade:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiveltä                             :S:Abl:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivelle                             :S:All:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivenä                              :S:Ess:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiveksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivettä                             :S:Abe:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivet                               :P:Nom:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivien                              :P:Gen:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiviä                               :P:Par:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivissä                             :P:Ine:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivistä                             :P:Ela:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiviin                              :P:Ill:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivillä                             :P:Ade:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiviltä                             :P:Abl:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiville                             :P:All:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivinä                              :P:Ess:                   uhrikivi
uhrikiviksi                             :P:Tra:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivin                               :P:Ins:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivittä                             :P:Abe:                   uhrikivi
uhrikivine                              :P:Kom:                   uhrikivi
uhrikuolema                             :S:Nom:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuoleman                            :S:Gen:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemaa                            :S:Par:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemassa                          :S:Ine:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemasta                          :S:Ela:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemaan                           :S:Ill:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemalla                          :S:Ade:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemalta                          :S:Abl:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemalle                          :S:All:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemana                           :S:Ess:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolematta                          :S:Abe:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemat                            :P:Nom:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemien                           :P:Gen:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemain                           :P:Gen:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemia                            :P:Par:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemissa                          :P:Ine:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemista                          :P:Ela:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemiin                           :P:Ill:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemilla                          :P:Ade:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemilta                          :P:Abl:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemille                          :P:All:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemina                           :P:Ess:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemin                            :P:Ins:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemitta                          :P:Abe:                   uhrikuolema
uhrikuolemine                           :P:Kom:                   uhrikuolema
uhrilahja                               :S:Nom:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjan                              :S:Gen:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjaa                              :S:Par:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjassa                            :S:Ine:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjasta                            :S:Ela:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjaan                             :S:Ill:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjalla                            :S:Ade:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjalta                            :S:Abl:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjalle                            :S:All:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjana                             :S:Ess:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjatta                            :S:Abe:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjat                              :P:Nom:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjojen                            :P:Gen:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjain                             :P:Gen:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoja                             :P:Par:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoista                           :P:Ela:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoille                           :P:All:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoina                            :P:Ess:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoin                             :P:Ins:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uhrilahja
uhrilahjoine                            :P:Kom:                   uhrilahja
uhrilammas                              :S:Nom:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaan                             :S:Gen:                   uhrilammas
uhrilammasta                            :S:Par:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaassa                           :S:Ine:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaasta                           :S:Ela:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaaseen                          :S:Ill:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaalla                           :S:Ade:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaalta                           :S:Abl:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaalle                           :S:All:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaana                            :S:Ess:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaatta                           :S:Abe:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaat                             :P:Nom:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaiden                           :P:Gen:                   uhrilammas
uhrilammaitten                          :P:Gen:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaita                            :P:Par:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaissa                           :P:Ine:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaista                           :P:Ela:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampailla                           :P:Ade:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampailta                           :P:Abl:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaille                           :P:All:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaina                            :P:Ess:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampain                             :P:Ins:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaitta                           :P:Abe:                   uhrilammas
uhrilampaine                            :P:Kom:                   uhrilammas
uhrilehto                               :S:Nom:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdon                              :S:Gen:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehtoa                              :S:Par:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdossa                            :S:Ine:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdosta                            :S:Ela:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehtoon                             :S:Ill:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdolla                            :S:Ade:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdolta                            :S:Abl:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdolle                            :S:All:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehtona                             :S:Ess:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoksi                            :S:Tra:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdotta                            :S:Abe:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdot                              :P:Nom:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehtojen                            :P:Gen:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehtoja                             :P:Par:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoista                           :P:Ela:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehtoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoille                           :P:All:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehtoina                            :P:Ess:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoin                             :P:Ins:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehdoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uhrilehto
uhrilehtoine                            :P:Kom:                   uhrilehto
uhrilähde                               :S:Nom:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteen                             :S:Gen:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähdettä                            :S:Par:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteessä                           :S:Ine:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteestä                           :S:Ela:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteeseen                          :S:Ill:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteellä                           :S:Ade:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteeltä                           :S:Abl:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteelle                           :S:All:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteenä                            :S:Ess:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteettä                           :S:Abe:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteet                             :P:Nom:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteiden                           :P:Gen:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähdeitten                          :P:Gen:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteitä                            :P:Par:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteissä                           :P:Ine:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteistä                           :P:Ela:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteihin                           :P:Ill:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteillä                           :P:Ade:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteille                           :P:All:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteinä                            :P:Ess:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähtein                             :P:Ins:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteittä                           :P:Abe:                   uhrilähde
uhrilähteine                            :P:Kom:                   uhrilähde
uhrimeno                                :S:Nom:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenon                               :S:Gen:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoa                               :S:Par:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenossa                             :S:Ine:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenosta                             :S:Ela:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoon                              :S:Ill:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenolla                             :S:Ade:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenolta                             :S:Abl:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenolle                             :S:All:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenona                              :S:Ess:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenotta                             :S:Abe:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenot                               :P:Nom:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenojen                             :P:Gen:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoja                              :P:Par:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoista                            :P:Ela:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoihin                            :P:Ill:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoille                            :P:All:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoina                             :P:Ess:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoin                              :P:Ins:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uhrimenot
uhrimenoine                             :P:Kom:                   uhrimenot
uhrimieli                               :S:Nom:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielen                              :S:Gen:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieltä                              :S:Par:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielessä                            :S:Ine:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielestä                            :S:Ela:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieleen                             :S:Ill:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielellä                            :S:Ade:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieleltä                            :S:Abl:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielelle                            :S:All:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielenä                             :S:Ess:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieleksi                            :S:Tra:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielettä                            :S:Abe:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielet                              :P:Nom:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielten                             :P:Gen:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielien                             :P:Gen:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieliä                              :P:Par:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielissä                            :P:Ine:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielistä                            :P:Ela:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieliin                             :P:Ill:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielillä                            :P:Ade:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieliltä                            :P:Abl:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielille                            :P:All:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielinä                             :P:Ess:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieliksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielin                              :P:Ins:                   uhrimieli
uhrimielittä                            :P:Abe:                   uhrimieli
uhrimieline                             :P:Kom:                   uhrimieli
uhripaikka                              :S:Nom:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikan                              :S:Gen:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkaa                             :S:Par:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikassa                            :S:Ine:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikasta                            :S:Ela:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkaan                            :S:Ill:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikalla                            :S:Ade:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikalta                            :S:Abl:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikalle                            :S:All:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkana                            :S:Ess:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikatta                            :S:Abe:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikat                              :P:Nom:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkojen                           :P:Gen:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkain                            :P:Gen:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkoja                            :P:Par:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikoista                           :P:Ela:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikoille                           :P:All:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkoina                           :P:Ess:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikoin                             :P:Ins:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uhripaikka
uhripaikkoine                           :P:Kom:                   uhripaikka
uhripappi                               :S:Nom:                   uhripappi
uhripapin                               :S:Gen:                   uhripappi
uhripappia                              :S:Par:                   uhripappi
uhripapissa                             :S:Ine:                   uhripappi
uhripapista                             :S:Ela:                   uhripappi
uhripappiin                             :S:Ill:                   uhripappi
uhripapilla                             :S:Ade:                   uhripappi
uhripapilta                             :S:Abl:                   uhripappi
uhripapille                             :S:All:                   uhripappi
uhripappina                             :S:Ess:                   uhripappi
uhripapiksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhripappi
uhripapitta                             :S:Abe:                   uhripappi
uhripapit                               :P:Nom:                   uhripappi
uhripappien                             :P:Gen:                   uhripappi
uhripappeja                             :P:Par:                   uhripappi
uhripapeissa                            :P:Ine:                   uhripappi
uhripapeista                            :P:Ela:                   uhripappi
uhripappeihin                           :P:Ill:                   uhripappi
uhripapeilla                            :P:Ade:                   uhripappi
uhripapeilta                            :P:Abl:                   uhripappi
uhripapeille                            :P:All:                   uhripappi
uhripappeina                            :P:Ess:                   uhripappi
uhripapeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhripappi
uhripapein                              :P:Ins:                   uhripappi
uhripapeitta                            :P:Abe:                   uhripappi
uhripappeine                            :P:Kom:                   uhripappi
uhripua                                 :S:Nom:                   uhripuu
uhripuan                                :S:Gen:                   uhripuu
uhripuata                               :S:Par:                   uhripuu
uhripuassa                              :S:Ine:                   uhripuu
uhripuasta                              :S:Ela:                   uhripuu
uhripuuhun                              :S:Ill:                   uhripuu
uhripualla                              :S:Ade:                   uhripuu
uhripualta                              :S:Abl:                   uhripuu
uhripualle                              :S:All:                   uhripuu
uhripuana                               :S:Ess:                   uhripuu
uhripuaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uhripuu
uhripuatta                              :S:Abe:                   uhripuu
uhripuat                                :P:Nom:                   uhripuu
uhripuiden                              :P:Gen:                   uhripuu
uhripuitten                             :P:Gen:                   uhripuu
uhripuita                               :P:Par:                   uhripuu
uhripuissa                              :P:Ine:                   uhripuu
uhripuista                              :P:Ela:                   uhripuu
uhripuihin                              :P:Ill:                   uhripuu
uhripuilla                              :P:Ade:                   uhripuu
uhripuilta                              :P:Abl:                   uhripuu
uhripuille                              :P:All:                   uhripuu
uhripuina                               :P:Ess:                   uhripuu
uhripuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uhripuu
uhripuin                                :P:Ins:                   uhripuu
uhripuitta                              :P:Abe:                   uhripuu
uhripuine                               :P:Kom:                   uhripuu
uhrisavu                                :S:Nom:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavun                               :S:Gen:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavua                               :S:Par:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavussa                             :S:Ine:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavusta                             :S:Ela:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuun                              :S:Ill:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavulla                             :S:Ade:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavulta                             :S:Abl:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavulle                             :S:All:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuna                              :S:Ess:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuksi                             :S:Tra:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavutta                             :S:Abe:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavut                               :P:Nom:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavujen                             :P:Gen:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuja                              :P:Par:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuissa                            :P:Ine:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuista                            :P:Ela:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuihin                            :P:Ill:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuilla                            :P:Ade:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuilta                            :P:Abl:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuille                            :P:All:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuina                             :P:Ess:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuin                              :P:Ins:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuitta                            :P:Abe:                   uhrisavu
uhrisavuine                             :P:Kom:                   uhrisavu
uhritoimitus                            :S:Nom:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksen                         :S:Gen:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimitusta                          :S:Par:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksessa                       :S:Ine:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksesta                       :S:Ela:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimitukseen                        :S:Ill:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksella                       :S:Ade:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimitukselta                       :S:Abl:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimitukselle                       :S:All:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksena                        :S:Ess:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimitukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksetta                       :S:Abe:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimitukset                         :P:Nom:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimitusten                         :P:Gen:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksien                        :P:Gen:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksia                         :P:Par:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksissa                       :P:Ine:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksista                       :P:Ela:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksilla                       :P:Ade:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksilta                       :P:Abl:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksille                       :P:All:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksina                        :P:Ess:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksin                         :P:Ins:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksitta                       :P:Abe:                   uhritoimitus
uhritoimituksine                        :P:Kom:                   uhritoimitus
uhrivalmius                             :S:Nom:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuden                           :S:Gen:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiutta                           :S:Par:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiudella                         :S:Ade:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiudelle                         :S:All:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiutena                          :S:Ess:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiutta                           :S:Abe:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiudet                           :P:Nom:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksia                          :P:Par:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksille                        :P:All:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uhrivalmius
uhrivalmiuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uhrivalmius
uin                                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uida
uit                                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uida
ui                                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uida
uimme                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uida
uitte                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uida
uivat                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uida
uidaan                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uida
ui                                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uida
ui                                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
ui                                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
ui                                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
ui                                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
ui                                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uida                                    :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uida
uin                                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uida
uit                                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uida
ui                                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uida
uimme                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uida
uitte                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uida
uivat                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uida
uitiin                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitu                                    :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uida
uinen                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uida
uinet                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uida
uinee                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uida
uinemme                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uida
uinette                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uida
uinevat                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uida
uitaneen                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uida
uine                                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uida
uine                                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
uine                                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uine                                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
uine                                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
uine                                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitane                                  :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uida
uisin                                   :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uida
uisit                                   :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uida
uisi                                    :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uida
uisimme                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uida
uisitte                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uida
uisivat                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uida
uitaisiin                               :Con:Pre:Pas:             uida
uisi                                    :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uida
uisi                                    :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
uisi                                    :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uisi                                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
uisi                                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
uisi                                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitaisi                                 :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uida
ui                                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uida
uikoon                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uida
uikaamme                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uida
uikaa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uida
uikoot                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uida
uitakoon                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uida
ui                                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
uiko                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uiko                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
uiko                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
uiko                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitako                                  :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uida
uida                                    :Inf1:                    uida
uidakseen                               :Inf1:L:                  uida
uidessa                                 :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uida
uitaessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uida
uiden                                   :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uida
uimassa                                 :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uida
uimasta                                 :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uida
uimaan                                  :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uida
uimalla                                 :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uida
uimatta                                 :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uida
uiman                                   :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uida
uitaman                                 :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uida
uiminen                                 :Inf4:Nom:                uida
uimista                                 :Inf4:Par:                uida
uimaisillaan                            :Inf5:                    uida
uiva                                    :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uida
uitava                                  :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uida
uinut                                   :Cip:Per:Akt:             uida
uitu                                    :Cip:Per:Pas:             uida
uima                                    :Cip:Age:                 uida
uimaton                                 :Cip:Age:Neg:             uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uida
uitu                                    :Ind:Per:Pas:             uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitu                                    :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uida
uitu                                    :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitu                                    :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uida
uinut                                   :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uida
uinut                                   :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uida
uinut                                   :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uida
uineet                                  :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uida
uineet                                  :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uida
uineet                                  :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uida
uitu                                    :Con:Per:Pas:             uida
uinut                                   :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitu                                    :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uida
uinut                                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uida
uinut                                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uida
uinut                                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uida
uineet                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uida
uineet                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uida
uineet                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uida
uitu                                    :Pot:Per:Pas:             uida
uinut                                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uida
uinut                                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitu                                    :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uida
uinut                                   :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uida
uineet                                  :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uida
uitu                                    :Imp:Per:Pas:             uida
uinut                                   :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uida
uineet                                  :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uida
uitu                                    :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uida
uiguuri                                 :S:Nom:                   uiguuri
uiguurin                                :S:Gen:                   uiguuri
uiguuria                                :S:Par:                   uiguuri
uiguurissa                              :S:Ine:                   uiguuri
uiguurista                              :S:Ela:                   uiguuri
uiguuriin                               :S:Ill:                   uiguuri
uiguurilla                              :S:Ade:                   uiguuri
uiguurilta                              :S:Abl:                   uiguuri
uiguurille                              :S:All:                   uiguuri
uiguurina                               :S:Ess:                   uiguuri
uiguuriksi                              :S:Tra:                   uiguuri
uiguuritta                              :S:Abe:                   uiguuri
uiguurit                                :P:Nom:                   uiguuri
uiguurien                               :P:Gen:                   uiguuri
uiguureiden                             :P:Gen:                   uiguuri
uiguureitten                            :P:Gen:                   uiguuri
uiguureja                               :P:Par:                   uiguuri
uiguureita                              :P:Par:                   uiguuri
uiguureissa                             :P:Ine:                   uiguuri
uiguureista                             :P:Ela:                   uiguuri
uiguureihin                             :P:Ill:                   uiguuri
uiguureilla                             :P:Ade:                   uiguuri
uiguureilta                             :P:Abl:                   uiguuri
uiguureille                             :P:All:                   uiguuri
uiguureina                              :P:Ess:                   uiguuri
uiguureiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uiguuri
uiguurein                               :P:Ins:                   uiguuri
uiguureitta                             :P:Abe:                   uiguuri
uiguureine                              :P:Kom:                   uiguuri
uija                                    :S:Nom:                   uija
uijan                                   :S:Gen:                   uija
uijaa                                   :S:Par:                   uija
uijassa                                 :S:Ine:                   uija
uijasta                                 :S:Ela:                   uija
uijaan                                  :S:Ill:                   uija
uijalla                                 :S:Ade:                   uija
uijalta                                 :S:Abl:                   uija
uijalle                                 :S:All:                   uija
uijana                                  :S:Ess:                   uija
uijaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uija
uijatta                                 :S:Abe:                   uija
uijat                                   :P:Nom:                   uija
uijien                                  :P:Gen:                   uija
uijain                                  :P:Gen:                   uija
uijia                                   :P:Par:                   uija
uijissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uija
uijista                                 :P:Ela:                   uija
uijiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uija
uijilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uija
uijilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uija
uijille                                 :P:All:                   uija
uijina                                  :P:Ess:                   uija
uijiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uija
uijin                                   :P:Ins:                   uija
uijitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uija
uijine                                  :P:Kom:                   uija
uikkari                                 :S:Nom:                   uikkarit
uikkarin                                :S:Gen:                   uikkarit
uikkaria                                :S:Par:                   uikkarit
uikkarissa                              :S:Ine:                   uikkarit
uikkarista                              :S:Ela:                   uikkarit
uikkariin                               :S:Ill:                   uikkarit
uikkarilla                              :S:Ade:                   uikkarit
uikkarilta                              :S:Abl:                   uikkarit
uikkarille                              :S:All:                   uikkarit
uikkarina                               :S:Ess:                   uikkarit
uikkariksi                              :S:Tra:                   uikkarit
uikkaritta                              :S:Abe:                   uikkarit
uikkarit                                :P:Nom:                   uikkarit
uikkarien                               :P:Gen:                   uikkarit
uikkareiden                             :P:Gen:                   uikkarit
uikkareitten                            :P:Gen:                   uikkarit
uikkareja                               :P:Par:                   uikkarit
uikkareita                              :P:Par:                   uikkarit
uikkareissa                             :P:Ine:                   uikkarit
uikkareista                             :P:Ela:                   uikkarit
uikkareihin                             :P:Ill:                   uikkarit
uikkareilla                             :P:Ade:                   uikkarit
uikkareilta                             :P:Abl:                   uikkarit
uikkareille                             :P:All:                   uikkarit
uikkareina                              :P:Ess:                   uikkarit
uikkareiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uikkarit
uikkarein                               :P:Ins:                   uikkarit
uikkareitta                             :P:Abe:                   uikkarit
uikkareine                              :P:Kom:                   uikkarit
uikku                                   :S:Nom:                   uikku
uikun                                   :S:Gen:                   uikku
uikkua                                  :S:Par:                   uikku
uikussa                                 :S:Ine:                   uikku
uikusta                                 :S:Ela:                   uikku
uikkuun                                 :S:Ill:                   uikku
uikulla                                 :S:Ade:                   uikku
uikulta                                 :S:Abl:                   uikku
uikulle                                 :S:All:                   uikku
uikkuna                                 :S:Ess:                   uikku
uikuksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uikku
uikutta                                 :S:Abe:                   uikku
uikut                                   :P:Nom:                   uikku
uikkujen                                :P:Gen:                   uikku
uikkuja                                 :P:Par:                   uikku
uikuissa                                :P:Ine:                   uikku
uikuista                                :P:Ela:                   uikku
uikkuihin                               :P:Ill:                   uikku
uikuilla                                :P:Ade:                   uikku
uikuilta                                :P:Abl:                   uikku
uikuille                                :P:All:                   uikku
uikkuina                                :P:Ess:                   uikku
uikuiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uikku
uikuin                                  :P:Ins:                   uikku
uikuitta                                :P:Abe:                   uikku
uikkuine                                :P:Kom:                   uikku
uikutan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uikuttaa
uikutat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikuttaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikutamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikutatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuteta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikutin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uikuttaa
uikutit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikutti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikutimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikutitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikuttanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uikuttaa
uikuttanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikuttanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikuttanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikuttanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikuttaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uikuttaa
uikuttaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikuttaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikuttaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikuta                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikuttakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikuttakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikuttakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuta                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttaa                                :Inf1:                    uikuttaa
uikuttaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uikuttaa
uikuttaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uikuttaa
uikutettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uikuttaa
uikuttaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uikuttaa
uikuttamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uikuttaa
uikuttamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uikuttaa
uikuttamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uikuttaa
uikuttamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uikuttaa
uikuttamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uikuttaa
uikuttaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uikuttaa
uikutettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uikuttaa
uikuttaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uikuttaa
uikuttamista                            :Inf4:Par:                uikuttaa
uikuttamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uikuttaa
uikuttava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uikuttaa
uikutettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttama                               :Cip:Age:                 uikuttaa
uikuttamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             uikuttaa
uikuttanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikuttaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uikuttaa
uikutettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uikuttaa
uikutus                                 :S:Nom:                   uikutus
uikutuksen                              :S:Gen:                   uikutus
uikutusta                               :S:Par:                   uikutus
uikutuksessa                            :S:Ine:                   uikutus
uikutuksesta                            :S:Ela:                   uikutus
uikutukseen                             :S:Ill:                   uikutus
uikutuksella                            :S:Ade:                   uikutus
uikutukselta                            :S:Abl:                   uikutus
uikutukselle                            :S:All:                   uikutus
uikutuksena                             :S:Ess:                   uikutus
uikutukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uikutus
uikutuksetta                            :S:Abe:                   uikutus
uikutukset                              :P:Nom:                   uikutus
uikutusten                              :P:Gen:                   uikutus
uikutuksien                             :P:Gen:                   uikutus
uikutuksia                              :P:Par:                   uikutus
uikutuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   uikutus
uikutuksista                            :P:Ela:                   uikutus
uikutuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   uikutus
uikutuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   uikutus
uikutuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   uikutus
uikutuksille                            :P:All:                   uikutus
uikutuksina                             :P:Ess:                   uikutus
uikutuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uikutus
uikutuksin                              :P:Ins:                   uikutus
uikutuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   uikutus
uikutuksine                             :P:Kom:                   uikutus
uima-allas                              :S:Nom:                   uima-allas
uima-altaan                             :S:Gen:                   uima-allas
uima-allasta                            :S:Par:                   uima-allas
uima-altaassa                           :S:Ine:                   uima-allas
uima-altaasta                           :S:Ela:                   uima-allas
uima-altaaseen                          :S:Ill:                   uima-allas
uima-altaalla                           :S:Ade:                   uima-allas
uima-altaalta                           :S:Abl:                   uima-allas
uima-altaalle                           :S:All:                   uima-allas
uima-altaana                            :S:Ess:                   uima-allas
uima-altaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uima-allas
uima-altaatta                           :S:Abe:                   uima-allas
uima-altaat                             :P:Nom:                   uima-allas
uima-altaiden                           :P:Gen:                   uima-allas
uima-allaitten                          :P:Gen:                   uima-allas
uima-altaita                            :P:Par:                   uima-allas
uima-altaissa                           :P:Ine:                   uima-allas
uima-altaista                           :P:Ela:                   uima-allas
uima-altaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uima-allas
uima-altailla                           :P:Ade:                   uima-allas
uima-altailta                           :P:Abl:                   uima-allas
uima-altaille                           :P:All:                   uima-allas
uima-altaina                            :P:Ess:                   uima-allas
uima-altaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uima-allas
uima-altain                             :P:Ins:                   uima-allas
uima-altaitta                           :P:Abe:                   uima-allas
uima-altaine                            :P:Kom:                   uima-allas
uimahalli                               :S:Nom:                   uimahalli
uimahallin                              :S:Gen:                   uimahalli
uimahallia                              :S:Par:                   uimahalli
uimahallissa                            :S:Ine:                   uimahalli
uimahallista                            :S:Ela:                   uimahalli
uimahalliin                             :S:Ill:                   uimahalli
uimahallilla                            :S:Ade:                   uimahalli
uimahallilta                            :S:Abl:                   uimahalli
uimahallille                            :S:All:                   uimahalli
uimahallina                             :S:Ess:                   uimahalli
uimahalliksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimahalli
uimahallitta                            :S:Abe:                   uimahalli
uimahallit                              :P:Nom:                   uimahalli
uimahallien                             :P:Gen:                   uimahalli
uimahalleja                             :P:Par:                   uimahalli
uimahalleissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimahalli
uimahalleista                           :P:Ela:                   uimahalli
uimahalleihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimahalli
uimahalleilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimahalli
uimahalleilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimahalli
uimahalleille                           :P:All:                   uimahalli
uimahalleina                            :P:Ess:                   uimahalli
uimahalleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimahalli
uimahallein                             :P:Ins:                   uimahalli
uimahalleitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimahalli
uimahalleine                            :P:Kom:                   uimahalli
uimahousu                               :S:Nom:                   uimahousut
uimahousun                              :S:Gen:                   uimahousut
uimahousua                              :S:Par:                   uimahousut
uimahousussa                            :S:Ine:                   uimahousut
uimahoususta                            :S:Ela:                   uimahousut
uimahousuun                             :S:Ill:                   uimahousut
uimahousulla                            :S:Ade:                   uimahousut
uimahousulta                            :S:Abl:                   uimahousut
uimahousulle                            :S:All:                   uimahousut
uimahousuna                             :S:Ess:                   uimahousut
uimahousuksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimahousut
uimahousutta                            :S:Abe:                   uimahousut
uimahousut                              :P:Nom:                   uimahousut
uimahousujen                            :P:Gen:                   uimahousut
uimahousuja                             :P:Par:                   uimahousut
uimahousuissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimahousut
uimahousuista                           :P:Ela:                   uimahousut
uimahousuihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimahousut
uimahousuilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimahousut
uimahousuilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimahousut
uimahousuille                           :P:All:                   uimahousut
uimahousuina                            :P:Ess:                   uimahousut
uimahousuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimahousut
uimahousuin                             :P:Ins:                   uimahousut
uimahousuitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimahousut
uimahousuine                            :P:Kom:                   uimahousut
uimahyppy                               :S:Nom:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyn                               :S:Gen:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppyä                              :S:Par:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyssä                             :S:Ine:                   uimahyppy
uimahypystä                             :S:Ela:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppyyn                             :S:Ill:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyllä                             :S:Ade:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyltä                             :S:Abl:                   uimahyppy
uimahypylle                             :S:All:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppynä                             :S:Ess:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyksi                             :S:Tra:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyttä                             :S:Abe:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyt                               :P:Nom:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppyjen                            :P:Gen:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppyjä                             :P:Par:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyissä                            :P:Ine:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyistä                            :P:Ela:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppyihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyillä                            :P:Ade:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyiltä                            :P:Abl:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyille                            :P:All:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppyinä                            :P:Ess:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyin                              :P:Ins:                   uimahyppy
uimahypyittä                            :P:Abe:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppyine                            :P:Kom:                   uimahyppy
uimahyppääjä                            :S:Nom:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjän                           :S:Gen:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjää                           :S:Par:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjässä                         :S:Ine:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjästä                         :S:Ela:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjään                          :S:Ill:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjällä                         :S:Ade:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjältä                         :S:Abl:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjälle                         :S:All:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjänä                          :S:Ess:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjäksi                         :S:Tra:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjättä                         :S:Abe:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjät                           :P:Nom:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjien                          :P:Gen:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjäin                          :P:Gen:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjiä                           :P:Par:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjissä                         :P:Ine:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjistä                         :P:Ela:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjiin                          :P:Ill:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjillä                         :P:Ade:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjille                         :P:All:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjinä                          :P:Ess:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjin                           :P:Ins:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjittä                         :P:Abe:                   uimahyppääjä
uimahyppääjine                          :P:Kom:                   uimahyppääjä
uimakandidaatti                         :S:Nom:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatin                         :S:Gen:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaattia                        :S:Par:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatissa                       :S:Ine:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatista                       :S:Ela:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaattiin                       :S:Ill:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatilla                       :S:Ade:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatilta                       :S:Abl:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatille                       :S:All:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaattina                       :S:Ess:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatiksi                       :S:Tra:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatitta                       :S:Abe:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatit                         :P:Nom:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaattien                       :P:Gen:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatteja                       :P:Par:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaateissa                      :P:Ine:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaateista                      :P:Ela:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatteihin                     :P:Ill:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaateilla                      :P:Ade:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaateilta                      :P:Abl:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaateille                      :P:All:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatteina                      :P:Ess:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaateiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatein                        :P:Ins:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaateitta                      :P:Abe:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakandidaatteine                      :P:Kom:                   uimakandidaatti
uimakoppi                               :S:Nom:                   uimakoppi
uimakopin                               :S:Gen:                   uimakoppi
uimakoppia                              :S:Par:                   uimakoppi
uimakopissa                             :S:Ine:                   uimakoppi
uimakopista                             :S:Ela:                   uimakoppi
uimakoppiin                             :S:Ill:                   uimakoppi
uimakopilla                             :S:Ade:                   uimakoppi
uimakopilta                             :S:Abl:                   uimakoppi
uimakopille                             :S:All:                   uimakoppi
uimakoppina                             :S:Ess:                   uimakoppi
uimakopiksi                             :S:Tra:                   uimakoppi
uimakopitta                             :S:Abe:                   uimakoppi
uimakopit                               :P:Nom:                   uimakoppi
uimakoppien                             :P:Gen:                   uimakoppi
uimakoppeja                             :P:Par:                   uimakoppi
uimakopeissa                            :P:Ine:                   uimakoppi
uimakopeista                            :P:Ela:                   uimakoppi
uimakoppeihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimakoppi
uimakopeilla                            :P:Ade:                   uimakoppi
uimakopeilta                            :P:Abl:                   uimakoppi
uimakopeille                            :P:All:                   uimakoppi
uimakoppeina                            :P:Ess:                   uimakoppi
uimakopeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uimakoppi
uimakopein                              :P:Ins:                   uimakoppi
uimakopeitta                            :P:Abe:                   uimakoppi
uimakoppeine                            :P:Kom:                   uimakoppi
uimakoulu                               :S:Nom:                   uimakoulu
uimakoulun                              :S:Gen:                   uimakoulu
uimakoulua                              :S:Par:                   uimakoulu
uimakoulussa                            :S:Ine:                   uimakoulu
uimakoulusta                            :S:Ela:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluun                             :S:Ill:                   uimakoulu
uimakoululla                            :S:Ade:                   uimakoulu
uimakoululta                            :S:Abl:                   uimakoulu
uimakoululle                            :S:All:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluna                             :S:Ess:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimakoulu
uimakoulutta                            :S:Abe:                   uimakoulu
uimakoulut                              :P:Nom:                   uimakoulu
uimakoulujen                            :P:Gen:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluja                             :P:Par:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluista                           :P:Ela:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluille                           :P:All:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluina                            :P:Ess:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluin                             :P:Ins:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimakoulu
uimakouluine                            :P:Kom:                   uimakoulu
uimala                                  :S:Nom:                   uimala
uimalan                                 :S:Gen:                   uimala
uimalaa                                 :S:Par:                   uimala
uimalassa                               :S:Ine:                   uimala
uimalasta                               :S:Ela:                   uimala
uimalaan                                :S:Ill:                   uimala
uimalalla                               :S:Ade:                   uimala
uimalalta                               :S:Abl:                   uimala
uimalalle                               :S:All:                   uimala
uimalana                                :S:Ess:                   uimala
uimalaksi                               :S:Tra:                   uimala
uimalatta                               :S:Abe:                   uimala
uimalat                                 :P:Nom:                   uimala
uimaloiden                              :P:Gen:                   uimala
uimaloitten                             :P:Gen:                   uimala
uimalain                                :P:Gen:                   uimala
uimaloita                               :P:Par:                   uimala
uimaloissa                              :P:Ine:                   uimala
uimaloista                              :P:Ela:                   uimala
uimaloihin                              :P:Ill:                   uimala
uimaloilla                              :P:Ade:                   uimala
uimaloilta                              :P:Abl:                   uimala
uimaloille                              :P:All:                   uimala
uimaloina                               :P:Ess:                   uimala
uimaloiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uimala
uimaloin                                :P:Ins:                   uimala
uimaloitta                              :P:Abe:                   uimala
uimaloine                               :P:Kom:                   uimala
uimalakki                               :S:Nom:                   uimalakki
uimalakin                               :S:Gen:                   uimalakki
uimalakkia                              :S:Par:                   uimalakki
uimalakissa                             :S:Ine:                   uimalakki
uimalakista                             :S:Ela:                   uimalakki
uimalakkiin                             :S:Ill:                   uimalakki
uimalakilla                             :S:Ade:                   uimalakki
uimalakilta                             :S:Abl:                   uimalakki
uimalakille                             :S:All:                   uimalakki
uimalakkina                             :S:Ess:                   uimalakki
uimalakiksi                             :S:Tra:                   uimalakki
uimalakitta                             :S:Abe:                   uimalakki
uimalakit                               :P:Nom:                   uimalakki
uimalakkien                             :P:Gen:                   uimalakki
uimalakkeja                             :P:Par:                   uimalakki
uimalakeissa                            :P:Ine:                   uimalakki
uimalakeista                            :P:Ela:                   uimalakki
uimalakkeihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimalakki
uimalakeilla                            :P:Ade:                   uimalakki
uimalakeilta                            :P:Abl:                   uimalakki
uimalakeille                            :P:All:                   uimalakki
uimalakkeina                            :P:Ess:                   uimalakki
uimalakeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uimalakki
uimalakein                              :P:Ins:                   uimalakki
uimalakeitta                            :P:Abe:                   uimalakki
uimalakkeine                            :P:Kom:                   uimalakki
uimalasi                                :S:Nom:                   uimalasit
uimalasin                               :S:Gen:                   uimalasit
uimalasia                               :S:Par:                   uimalasit
uimalasissa                             :S:Ine:                   uimalasit
uimalasista                             :S:Ela:                   uimalasit
uimalasiin                              :S:Ill:                   uimalasit
uimalasilla                             :S:Ade:                   uimalasit
uimalasilta                             :S:Abl:                   uimalasit
uimalasille                             :S:All:                   uimalasit
uimalasina                              :S:Ess:                   uimalasit
uimalasiksi                             :S:Tra:                   uimalasit
uimalasitta                             :S:Abe:                   uimalasit
uimalasit                               :P:Nom:                   uimalasit
uimalasien                              :P:Gen:                   uimalasit
uimalaseja                              :P:Par:                   uimalasit
uimalaseissa                            :P:Ine:                   uimalasit
uimalaseista                            :P:Ela:                   uimalasit
uimalaseihin                            :P:Ill:                   uimalasit
uimalaseilla                            :P:Ade:                   uimalasit
uimalaseilta                            :P:Abl:                   uimalasit
uimalaseille                            :P:All:                   uimalasit
uimalaseina                             :P:Ess:                   uimalasit
uimalaseiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uimalasit
uimalasein                              :P:Ins:                   uimalasit
uimalaseitta                            :P:Abe:                   uimalasit
uimalaseine                             :P:Kom:                   uimalasit
uimalauta                               :S:Nom:                   uimalauta
uimalaudan                              :S:Gen:                   uimalauta
uimalautaa                              :S:Par:                   uimalauta
uimalaudassa                            :S:Ine:                   uimalauta
uimalaudasta                            :S:Ela:                   uimalauta
uimalautaan                             :S:Ill:                   uimalauta
uimalaudalla                            :S:Ade:                   uimalauta
uimalaudalta                            :S:Abl:                   uimalauta
uimalaudalle                            :S:All:                   uimalauta
uimalautana                             :S:Ess:                   uimalauta
uimalaudaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimalauta
uimalaudatta                            :S:Abe:                   uimalauta
uimalaudat                              :P:Nom:                   uimalauta
uimalautojen                            :P:Gen:                   uimalauta
uimalautain                             :P:Gen:                   uimalauta
uimalautoja                             :P:Par:                   uimalauta
uimalaudoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimalauta
uimalaudoista                           :P:Ela:                   uimalauta
uimalautoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimalauta
uimalaudoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimalauta
uimalaudoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimalauta
uimalaudoille                           :P:All:                   uimalauta
uimalautoina                            :P:Ess:                   uimalauta
uimalaudoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimalauta
uimalaudoin                             :P:Ins:                   uimalauta
uimalaudoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimalauta
uimalautoine                            :P:Kom:                   uimalauta
uimaliike                               :S:Nom:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeen                            :S:Gen:                   uimaliike
uimaliikettä                            :S:Par:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeessä                          :S:Ine:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeestä                          :S:Ela:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeeseen                         :S:Ill:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeellä                          :S:Ade:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeeltä                          :S:Abl:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeelle                          :S:All:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeenä                           :S:Ess:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeeksi                          :S:Tra:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeettä                          :S:Abe:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeet                            :P:Nom:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeiden                          :P:Gen:                   uimaliike
uimaliikeitten                          :P:Gen:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeitä                           :P:Par:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeissä                          :P:Ine:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeistä                          :P:Ela:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeihin                          :P:Ill:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeillä                          :P:Ade:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeille                          :P:All:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeinä                           :P:Ess:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkein                            :P:Ins:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeittä                          :P:Abe:                   uimaliike
uimaliikkeine                           :P:Kom:                   uimaliike
uimamaisteri                            :S:Nom:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterin                           :S:Gen:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisteria                           :S:Par:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterissa                         :S:Ine:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterista                         :S:Ela:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisteriin                          :S:Ill:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterilla                         :S:Ade:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterilta                         :S:Abl:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterille                         :S:All:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterina                          :S:Ess:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisteriksi                         :S:Tra:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisteritta                         :S:Abe:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterit                           :P:Nom:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterien                          :P:Gen:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereiden                        :P:Gen:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereitten                       :P:Gen:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereja                          :P:Par:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereita                         :P:Par:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereissa                        :P:Ine:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereista                        :P:Ela:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereihin                        :P:Ill:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereilla                        :P:Ade:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereilta                        :P:Abl:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereille                        :P:All:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereina                         :P:Ess:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaisterein                          :P:Ins:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereitta                        :P:Abe:                   uimamaisteri
uimamaistereine                         :P:Kom:                   uimamaisteri
uimamatka                               :S:Nom:                   uimamatka
uimamatkan                              :S:Gen:                   uimamatka
uimamatkaa                              :S:Par:                   uimamatka
uimamatkassa                            :S:Ine:                   uimamatka
uimamatkasta                            :S:Ela:                   uimamatka
uimamatkaan                             :S:Ill:                   uimamatka
uimamatkalla                            :S:Ade:                   uimamatka
uimamatkalta                            :S:Abl:                   uimamatka
uimamatkalle                            :S:All:                   uimamatka
uimamatkana                             :S:Ess:                   uimamatka
uimamatkaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimamatka
uimamatkatta                            :S:Abe:                   uimamatka
uimamatkat                              :P:Nom:                   uimamatka
uimamatkojen                            :P:Gen:                   uimamatka
uimamatkain                             :P:Gen:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoja                             :P:Par:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoista                           :P:Ela:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoille                           :P:All:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoina                            :P:Ess:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoin                             :P:Ins:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimamatka
uimamatkoine                            :P:Kom:                   uimamatka
uimaopettaja                            :S:Nom:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajan                           :S:Gen:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajaa                           :S:Par:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajassa                         :S:Ine:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajasta                         :S:Ela:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajaan                          :S:Ill:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajalla                         :S:Ade:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajalta                         :S:Abl:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajalle                         :S:All:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajana                          :S:Ess:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajaksi                         :S:Tra:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajatta                         :S:Abe:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajat                           :P:Nom:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajien                          :P:Gen:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajain                          :P:Gen:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajia                           :P:Par:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajissa                         :P:Ine:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajista                         :P:Ela:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajiin                          :P:Ill:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajilla                         :P:Ade:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajilta                         :P:Abl:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajille                         :P:All:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajina                          :P:Ess:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajin                           :P:Ins:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajitta                         :P:Abe:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopettajine                          :P:Kom:                   uimaopettaja
uimaopetus                              :S:Nom:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksen                           :S:Gen:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetusta                            :S:Par:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksessa                         :S:Ine:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksesta                         :S:Ela:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetukseen                          :S:Ill:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksella                         :S:Ade:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetukselta                         :S:Abl:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetukselle                         :S:All:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksena                          :S:Ess:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksetta                         :S:Abe:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetukset                           :P:Nom:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetusten                           :P:Gen:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksien                          :P:Gen:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksia                           :P:Par:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksista                         :P:Ela:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksille                         :P:All:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksina                          :P:Ess:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksin                           :P:Ins:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   uimaopetus
uimaopetuksine                          :P:Kom:                   uimaopetus
uimapatja                               :S:Nom:                   uimapatja
uimapatjan                              :S:Gen:                   uimapatja
uimapatjaa                              :S:Par:                   uimapatja
uimapatjassa                            :S:Ine:                   uimapatja
uimapatjasta                            :S:Ela:                   uimapatja
uimapatjaan                             :S:Ill:                   uimapatja
uimapatjalla                            :S:Ade:                   uimapatja
uimapatjalta                            :S:Abl:                   uimapatja
uimapatjalle                            :S:All:                   uimapatja
uimapatjana                             :S:Ess:                   uimapatja
uimapatjaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimapatja
uimapatjatta                            :S:Abe:                   uimapatja
uimapatjat                              :P:Nom:                   uimapatja
uimapatjojen                            :P:Gen:                   uimapatja
uimapatjain                             :P:Gen:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoja                             :P:Par:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoista                           :P:Ela:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoille                           :P:All:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoina                            :P:Ess:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoin                             :P:Ins:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimapatja
uimapatjoine                            :P:Kom:                   uimapatja
uimapuku                                :S:Nom:                   uimapuku
uimapuvun                               :S:Gen:                   uimapuku
uimapukua                               :S:Par:                   uimapuku
uimapuvussa                             :S:Ine:                   uimapuku
uimapuvusta                             :S:Ela:                   uimapuku
uimapukuun                              :S:Ill:                   uimapuku
uimapuvulla                             :S:Ade:                   uimapuku
uimapuvulta                             :S:Abl:                   uimapuku
uimapuvulle                             :S:All:                   uimapuku
uimapukuna                              :S:Ess:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuksi                             :S:Tra:                   uimapuku
uimapuvutta                             :S:Abe:                   uimapuku
uimapuvut                               :P:Nom:                   uimapuku
uimapukujen                             :P:Gen:                   uimapuku
uimapukuja                              :P:Par:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuissa                            :P:Ine:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuista                            :P:Ela:                   uimapuku
uimapukuihin                            :P:Ill:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuilla                            :P:Ade:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuilta                            :P:Abl:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuille                            :P:All:                   uimapuku
uimapukuina                             :P:Ess:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuin                              :P:Ins:                   uimapuku
uimapuvuitta                            :P:Abe:                   uimapuku
uimapukuine                             :P:Kom:                   uimapuku
uimapukuinen                            :S:Nom:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisen                            :S:Gen:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuista                            :S:Par:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisessa                          :S:Ine:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisesta                          :S:Ela:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuiseen                           :S:Ill:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisella                          :S:Ade:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuiselta                          :S:Abl:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuiselle                          :S:All:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisena                           :S:Ess:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisetta                          :S:Abe:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuiset                            :P:Nom:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisten                           :P:Gen:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisin                            :P:Gen:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisia                            :P:Par:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisissa                          :P:Ine:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisista                          :P:Ela:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisiin                           :P:Ill:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisilla                          :P:Ade:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisilta                          :P:Abl:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisille                          :P:All:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisina                           :P:Ess:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisin                            :P:Ins:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisitta                          :P:Abe:                   uimapukuinen
uimapukuisine                           :P:Kom:                   uimapukuinen
uimarakko                               :S:Nom:                   uimarakko
uimarakon                               :S:Gen:                   uimarakko
uimarakkoa                              :S:Par:                   uimarakko
uimarakossa                             :S:Ine:                   uimarakko
uimarakosta                             :S:Ela:                   uimarakko
uimarakkoon                             :S:Ill:                   uimarakko
uimarakolla                             :S:Ade:                   uimarakko
uimarakolta                             :S:Abl:                   uimarakko
uimarakolle                             :S:All:                   uimarakko
uimarakkona                             :S:Ess:                   uimarakko
uimarakoksi                             :S:Tra:                   uimarakko
uimarakotta                             :S:Abe:                   uimarakko
uimarakot                               :P:Nom:                   uimarakko
uimarakkojen                            :P:Gen:                   uimarakko
uimarakkoja                             :P:Par:                   uimarakko
uimarakoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uimarakko
uimarakoista                            :P:Ela:                   uimarakko
uimarakkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimarakko
uimarakoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uimarakko
uimarakoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uimarakko
uimarakoille                            :P:All:                   uimarakko
uimarakkoina                            :P:Ess:                   uimarakko
uimarakoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uimarakko
uimarakoin                              :P:Ins:                   uimarakko
uimarakoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uimarakko
uimarakkoine                            :P:Kom:                   uimarakko
uimaranta                               :S:Nom:                   uimaranta
uimarannan                              :S:Gen:                   uimaranta
uimarantaa                              :S:Par:                   uimaranta
uimarannassa                            :S:Ine:                   uimaranta
uimarannasta                            :S:Ela:                   uimaranta
uimarantaan                             :S:Ill:                   uimaranta
uimarannalla                            :S:Ade:                   uimaranta
uimarannalta                            :S:Abl:                   uimaranta
uimarannalle                            :S:All:                   uimaranta
uimarantana                             :S:Ess:                   uimaranta
uimarannaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimaranta
uimarannatta                            :S:Abe:                   uimaranta
uimarannat                              :P:Nom:                   uimaranta
uimarantojen                            :P:Gen:                   uimaranta
uimarantain                             :P:Gen:                   uimaranta
uimarantoja                             :P:Par:                   uimaranta
uimarannoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimaranta
uimarannoista                           :P:Ela:                   uimaranta
uimarantoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimaranta
uimarannoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimaranta
uimarannoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimaranta
uimarannoille                           :P:All:                   uimaranta
uimarantoina                            :P:Ess:                   uimaranta
uimarannoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimaranta
uimarannoin                             :P:Ins:                   uimaranta
uimarannoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimaranta
uimarantoine                            :P:Kom:                   uimaranta
uimarengas                              :S:Nom:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaan                             :S:Gen:                   uimarengas
uimarengasta                            :S:Par:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaassa                           :S:Ine:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaasta                           :S:Ela:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaaseen                          :S:Ill:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaalla                           :S:Ade:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaalta                           :S:Abl:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaalle                           :S:All:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaana                            :S:Ess:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaatta                           :S:Abe:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaat                             :P:Nom:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaiden                           :P:Gen:                   uimarengas
uimarengaitten                          :P:Gen:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaita                            :P:Par:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaista                           :P:Ela:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uimarengas
uimarenkailla                           :P:Ade:                   uimarengas
uimarenkailta                           :P:Abl:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaille                           :P:All:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaina                            :P:Ess:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimarengas
uimarenkain                             :P:Ins:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimarengas
uimarenkaine                            :P:Kom:                   uimarengas
uimari                                  :S:Nom:                   uimari
uimarin                                 :S:Gen:                   uimari
uimaria                                 :S:Par:                   uimari
uimarissa                               :S:Ine:                   uimari
uimarista                               :S:Ela:                   uimari
uimariin                                :S:Ill:                   uimari
uimarilla                               :S:Ade:                   uimari
uimarilta                               :S:Abl:                   uimari
uimarille                               :S:All:                   uimari
uimarina                                :S:Ess:                   uimari
uimariksi                               :S:Tra:                   uimari
uimaritta                               :S:Abe:                   uimari
uimarit                                 :P:Nom:                   uimari
uimarien                                :P:Gen:                   uimari
uimareiden                              :P:Gen:                   uimari
uimareitten                             :P:Gen:                   uimari
uimareja                                :P:Par:                   uimari
uimareita                               :P:Par:                   uimari
uimareissa                              :P:Ine:                   uimari
uimareista                              :P:Ela:                   uimari
uimareihin                              :P:Ill:                   uimari
uimareilla                              :P:Ade:                   uimari
uimareilta                              :P:Abl:                   uimari
uimareille                              :P:All:                   uimari
uimareina                               :P:Ess:                   uimari
uimareiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uimari
uimarein                                :P:Ins:                   uimari
uimareitta                              :P:Abe:                   uimari
uimareine                               :P:Kom:                   uimari
uimaräpylä                              :S:Nom:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylän                             :S:Gen:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylää                             :S:Par:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylässä                           :S:Ine:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylästä                           :S:Ela:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylään                            :S:Ill:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylällä                           :S:Ade:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylältä                           :S:Abl:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylälle                           :S:All:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylänä                            :S:Ess:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpyläksi                           :S:Tra:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylättä                           :S:Abe:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylät                             :P:Nom:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöiden                          :P:Gen:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöitten                         :P:Gen:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpyläin                            :P:Gen:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöitä                           :P:Par:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöissä                          :P:Ine:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöistä                          :P:Ela:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöihin                          :P:Ill:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöillä                          :P:Ade:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöille                          :P:All:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöinä                           :P:Ess:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöin                            :P:Ins:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöittä                          :P:Abe:                   uimaräpylä
uimaräpylöine                           :P:Kom:                   uimaräpylä
uimaseura                               :S:Nom:                   uimaseura
uimaseuran                              :S:Gen:                   uimaseura
uimaseuraa                              :S:Par:                   uimaseura
uimaseurassa                            :S:Ine:                   uimaseura
uimaseurasta                            :S:Ela:                   uimaseura
uimaseuraan                             :S:Ill:                   uimaseura
uimaseuralla                            :S:Ade:                   uimaseura
uimaseuralta                            :S:Abl:                   uimaseura
uimaseuralle                            :S:All:                   uimaseura
uimaseurana                             :S:Ess:                   uimaseura
uimaseuraksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimaseura
uimaseuratta                            :S:Abe:                   uimaseura
uimaseurat                              :P:Nom:                   uimaseura
uimaseurojen                            :P:Gen:                   uimaseura
uimaseurain                             :P:Gen:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroja                             :P:Par:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroista                           :P:Ela:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroille                           :P:All:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroina                            :P:Ess:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroin                             :P:Ins:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimaseura
uimaseuroine                            :P:Kom:                   uimaseura
uimastadioi                             :S:Nom:                   uimastadion
uimastadioin                            :S:Gen:                   uimastadion
uimastadioia                            :S:Par:                   uimastadion
uimastadioissa                          :S:Ine:                   uimastadion
uimastadioista                          :S:Ela:                   uimastadion
uimastadioiin                           :S:Ill:                   uimastadion
uimastadioilla                          :S:Ade:                   uimastadion
uimastadioilta                          :S:Abl:                   uimastadion
uimastadioille                          :S:All:                   uimastadion
uimastadioina                           :S:Ess:                   uimastadion
uimastadioiksi                          :S:Tra:                   uimastadion
uimastadioitta                          :S:Abe:                   uimastadion
uimastadioit                            :P:Nom:                   uimastadion
uimastadioien                           :P:Gen:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeiden                         :P:Gen:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeitten                        :P:Gen:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeja                           :P:Par:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeita                          :P:Par:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeissa                         :P:Ine:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeista                         :P:Ela:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeihin                         :P:Ill:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeilla                         :P:Ade:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeilta                         :P:Abl:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeille                         :P:All:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeina                          :P:Ess:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uimastadion
uimastadioein                           :P:Ins:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeitta                         :P:Abe:                   uimastadion
uimastadioeine                          :P:Kom:                   uimastadion
uimataidoton                            :S:Nom:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottoman                         :S:Gen:                   uimataidoton
uimataidotonta                          :S:Par:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomassa                       :S:Ine:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomasta                       :S:Ela:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomaan                        :S:Ill:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomalla                       :S:Ade:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomalta                       :S:Abl:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomalle                       :S:All:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomana                        :S:Ess:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomaksi                       :S:Tra:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomatta                       :S:Abe:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomat                         :P:Nom:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomien                        :P:Gen:                   uimataidoton
uimataidotonten                         :P:Gen:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomia                         :P:Par:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomissa                       :P:Ine:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomista                       :P:Ela:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomiin                        :P:Ill:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomilla                       :P:Ade:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomilta                       :P:Abl:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomille                       :P:All:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomina                        :P:Ess:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomin                         :P:Ins:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomitta                       :P:Abe:                   uimataidoton
uimataidottomine                        :P:Kom:                   uimataidoton
uimataito                               :S:Nom:                   uimataito
uimataidon                              :S:Gen:                   uimataito
uimataitoa                              :S:Par:                   uimataito
uimataidossa                            :S:Ine:                   uimataito
uimataidosta                            :S:Ela:                   uimataito
uimataitoon                             :S:Ill:                   uimataito
uimataidolla                            :S:Ade:                   uimataito
uimataidolta                            :S:Abl:                   uimataito
uimataidolle                            :S:All:                   uimataito
uimataitona                             :S:Ess:                   uimataito
uimataidoksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimataito
uimataidotta                            :S:Abe:                   uimataito
uimataidot                              :P:Nom:                   uimataito
uimataitojen                            :P:Gen:                   uimataito
uimataitoja                             :P:Par:                   uimataito
uimataidoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimataito
uimataidoista                           :P:Ela:                   uimataito
uimataitoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimataito
uimataidoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimataito
uimataidoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimataito
uimataidoille                           :P:All:                   uimataito
uimataitoina                            :P:Ess:                   uimataito
uimataidoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimataito
uimataidoin                             :P:Ins:                   uimataito
uimataidoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimataito
uimataitoine                            :P:Kom:                   uimataito
uimataitoinen                           :S:Nom:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisen                           :S:Gen:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoista                           :S:Par:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisessa                         :S:Ine:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisesta                         :S:Ela:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoiseen                          :S:Ill:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisella                         :S:Ade:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoiselta                         :S:Abl:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoiselle                         :S:All:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisena                          :S:Ess:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisetta                         :S:Abe:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoiset                           :P:Nom:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisten                          :P:Gen:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisin                           :P:Gen:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisia                           :P:Par:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisissa                         :P:Ine:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisista                         :P:Ela:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisilla                         :P:Ade:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisilta                         :P:Abl:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisille                         :P:All:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisina                          :P:Ess:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisin                           :P:Ins:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisitta                         :P:Abe:                   uimataitoinen
uimataitoisine                          :P:Kom:                   uimataitoinen
uimatossu                               :S:Nom:                   uimatossu
uimatossun                              :S:Gen:                   uimatossu
uimatossua                              :S:Par:                   uimatossu
uimatossussa                            :S:Ine:                   uimatossu
uimatossusta                            :S:Ela:                   uimatossu
uimatossuun                             :S:Ill:                   uimatossu
uimatossulla                            :S:Ade:                   uimatossu
uimatossulta                            :S:Abl:                   uimatossu
uimatossulle                            :S:All:                   uimatossu
uimatossuna                             :S:Ess:                   uimatossu
uimatossuksi                            :S:Tra:                   uimatossu
uimatossutta                            :S:Abe:                   uimatossu
uimatossut                              :P:Nom:                   uimatossu
uimatossujen                            :P:Gen:                   uimatossu
uimatossuja                             :P:Par:                   uimatossu
uimatossuissa                           :P:Ine:                   uimatossu
uimatossuista                           :P:Ela:                   uimatossu
uimatossuihin                           :P:Ill:                   uimatossu
uimatossuilla                           :P:Ade:                   uimatossu
uimatossuilta                           :P:Abl:                   uimatossu
uimatossuille                           :P:All:                   uimatossu
uimatossuina                            :P:Ess:                   uimatossu
uimatossuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uimatossu
uimatossuin                             :P:Ins:                   uimatossu
uimatossuitta                           :P:Abe:                   uimatossu
uimatossuine                            :P:Kom:                   uimatossu
uimavalvoja                             :S:Nom:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojan                            :S:Gen:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojaa                            :S:Par:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojassa                          :S:Ine:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojasta                          :S:Ela:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojaan                           :S:Ill:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojalla                          :S:Ade:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojalta                          :S:Abl:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojalle                          :S:All:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojana                           :S:Ess:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojatta                          :S:Abe:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojat                            :P:Nom:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojien                           :P:Gen:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojain                           :P:Gen:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojia                            :P:Par:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojissa                          :P:Ine:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojista                          :P:Ela:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojiin                           :P:Ill:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojilla                          :P:Ade:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojilta                          :P:Abl:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojille                          :P:All:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojina                           :P:Ess:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojin                            :P:Ins:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojitta                          :P:Abe:                   uimavalvoja
uimavalvojine                           :P:Kom:                   uimavalvoja
uimuri                                  :S:Nom:                   uimuri
uimurin                                 :S:Gen:                   uimuri
uimuria                                 :S:Par:                   uimuri
uimurissa                               :S:Ine:                   uimuri
uimurista                               :S:Ela:                   uimuri
uimuriin                                :S:Ill:                   uimuri
uimurilla                               :S:Ade:                   uimuri
uimurilta                               :S:Abl:                   uimuri
uimurille                               :S:All:                   uimuri
uimurina                                :S:Ess:                   uimuri
uimuriksi                               :S:Tra:                   uimuri
uimuritta                               :S:Abe:                   uimuri
uimurit                                 :P:Nom:                   uimuri
uimurien                                :P:Gen:                   uimuri
uimureiden                              :P:Gen:                   uimuri
uimureitten                             :P:Gen:                   uimuri
uimureja                                :P:Par:                   uimuri
uimureita                               :P:Par:                   uimuri
uimureissa                              :P:Ine:                   uimuri
uimureista                              :P:Ela:                   uimuri
uimureihin                              :P:Ill:                   uimuri
uimureilla                              :P:Ade:                   uimuri
uimureilta                              :P:Abl:                   uimuri
uimureille                              :P:All:                   uimuri
uimureina                               :P:Ess:                   uimuri
uimureiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uimuri
uimurein                                :P:Ins:                   uimuri
uimureitta                              :P:Abe:                   uimuri
uimureine                               :P:Kom:                   uimuri
uimurikammio                            :S:Nom:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammion                           :S:Gen:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiota                          :S:Par:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiossa                         :S:Ine:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiosta                         :S:Ela:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioon                          :S:Ill:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiolla                         :S:Ade:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiolta                         :S:Abl:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiolle                         :S:All:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiona                          :S:Ess:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioksi                         :S:Tra:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiotta                         :S:Abe:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammiot                           :P:Nom:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioiden                        :P:Gen:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioitten                       :P:Gen:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioita                         :P:Par:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioissa                        :P:Ine:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioista                        :P:Ela:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioihin                        :P:Ill:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioilla                        :P:Ade:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioilta                        :P:Abl:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioille                        :P:All:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioina                         :P:Ess:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioin                          :P:Ins:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioitta                        :P:Abe:                   uimurikammio
uimurikammioine                         :P:Kom:                   uimurikammio
uimuriventtiili                         :S:Nom:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilin                        :S:Gen:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiiliä                        :S:Par:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilissä                      :S:Ine:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilistä                      :S:Ela:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiiliin                       :S:Ill:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilillä                      :S:Ade:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiililtä                      :S:Abl:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilille                      :S:All:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilinä                       :S:Ess:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiiliksi                      :S:Tra:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilittä                      :S:Abe:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilit                        :P:Nom:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilien                       :P:Gen:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileiden                     :P:Gen:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileitten                    :P:Gen:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilejä                       :P:Par:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileitä                      :P:Par:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileissä                     :P:Ine:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileistä                     :P:Ela:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileihin                     :P:Ill:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileillä                     :P:Ade:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileiltä                     :P:Abl:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileille                     :P:All:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileinä                      :P:Ess:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiilein                       :P:Ins:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileittä                     :P:Abe:                   uimuriventtiili
uimuriventtiileine                      :P:Kom:                   uimuriventtiili
uinahdus                                :S:Nom:                   uinahdus
uinahduksen                             :S:Gen:                   uinahdus
uinahdusta                              :S:Par:                   uinahdus
uinahduksessa                           :S:Ine:                   uinahdus
uinahduksesta                           :S:Ela:                   uinahdus
uinahdukseen                            :S:Ill:                   uinahdus
uinahduksella                           :S:Ade:                   uinahdus
uinahdukselta                           :S:Abl:                   uinahdus
uinahdukselle                           :S:All:                   uinahdus
uinahduksena                            :S:Ess:                   uinahdus
uinahdukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uinahdus
uinahduksetta                           :S:Abe:                   uinahdus
uinahdukset                             :P:Nom:                   uinahdus
uinahdusten                             :P:Gen:                   uinahdus
uinahduksien                            :P:Gen:                   uinahdus
uinahduksia                             :P:Par:                   uinahdus
uinahduksissa                           :P:Ine:                   uinahdus
uinahduksista                           :P:Ela:                   uinahdus
uinahduksiin                            :P:Ill:                   uinahdus
uinahduksilla                           :P:Ade:                   uinahdus
uinahduksilta                           :P:Abl:                   uinahdus
uinahduksille                           :P:All:                   uinahdus
uinahduksina                            :P:Ess:                   uinahdus
uinahduksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uinahdus
uinahduksin                             :P:Ins:                   uinahdus
uinahduksitta                           :P:Abe:                   uinahdus
uinahduksine                            :P:Kom:                   uinahdus
uinahdan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinahtaa
uinahdat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahtaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahdamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahdatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdeta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinahdin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uinahtaa
uinahdit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahdimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahditte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinahtanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinahtaa
uinahtanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahtanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahtanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahtanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinahtaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinahtaa
uinahtaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahtaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahtaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinahda                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahtakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahtakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahtakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahda                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtaa                                :Inf1:                    uinahtaa
uinahtaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uinahtaa
uinahtaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uinahtaa
uinahdettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uinahtaa
uinahtaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uinahtaa
uinahtamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uinahtaa
uinahtamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uinahtaa
uinahtamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uinahtaa
uinahtamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uinahtaa
uinahtamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uinahtaa
uinahtaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uinahtaa
uinahdettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uinahtaa
uinahtaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uinahtaa
uinahtamista                            :Inf4:Par:                uinahtaa
uinahtamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uinahtaa
uinahtava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uinahtaa
uinahdettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtama                               :Cip:Age:                 uinahtaa
uinahtamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uinahtaa
uinahtanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahtaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinahtaa
uinahdettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinahtaa
uinailen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinailla
uinailet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinailee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinailette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinailevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinaillaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uinailla
uinaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailla                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinailin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uinailla
uinailit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinaili                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinailitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinailivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinaillen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinailla
uinaillet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinaillee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinaillemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinaillette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinaillevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uinailla
uinaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinailisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinailla
uinailisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinailisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinailisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             uinailla
uinailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinailla
uinailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinaile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinailkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinailkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinailkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uinailla
uinaile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinailko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uinailla
uinailla                                :Inf1:                    uinailla
uinaillakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uinailla
uinaillessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uinailla
uinailtaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uinailla
uinaillen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uinailla
uinailemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uinailla
uinailemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uinailla
uinailemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uinailla
uinailemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uinailla
uinailematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uinailla
uinaileman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uinailla
uinailtaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uinailla
uinaileminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uinailla
uinailemista                            :Inf4:Par:                uinailla
uinailemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uinailla
uinaileva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uinailla
uinailtava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uinailla
uinaillut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             uinailla
uinailtu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             uinailla
uinailema                               :Cip:Age:                 uinailla
uinailematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uinailla
uinaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             uinailla
uinaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uinailla
uinaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uinailla
uinaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             uinailla
uinaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinailla
uinaillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinaillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uinailla
uinailleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uinailla
uinailtu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             uinailla
uinaillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinailla
uinailtu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinailla
uinailu                                 :S:Nom:                   uinailu
uinailun                                :S:Gen:                   uinailu
uinailua                                :S:Par:                   uinailu
uinailussa                              :S:Ine:                   uinailu
uinailusta                              :S:Ela:                   uinailu
uinailuun                               :S:Ill:                   uinailu
uinailulla                              :S:Ade:                   uinailu
uinailulta                              :S:Abl:                   uinailu
uinailulle                              :S:All:                   uinailu
uinailuna                               :S:Ess:                   uinailu
uinailuksi                              :S:Tra:                   uinailu
uinailutta                              :S:Abe:                   uinailu
uinailut                                :P:Nom:                   uinailu
uinailujen                              :P:Gen:                   uinailu
uinailuiden                             :P:Gen:                   uinailu
uinailuitten                            :P:Gen:                   uinailu
uinailuja                               :P:Par:                   uinailu
uinailuita                              :P:Par:                   uinailu
uinailuissa                             :P:Ine:                   uinailu
uinailuista                             :P:Ela:                   uinailu
uinailuihin                             :P:Ill:                   uinailu
uinailuilla                             :P:Ade:                   uinailu
uinailuilta                             :P:Abl:                   uinailu
uinailuille                             :P:All:                   uinailu
uinailuina                              :P:Ess:                   uinailu
uinailuiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uinailu
uinailuin                               :P:Ins:                   uinailu
uinailuitta                             :P:Abe:                   uinailu
uinailuine                              :P:Kom:                   uinailu
uinti                                   :S:Nom:                   uinti
uinnin                                  :S:Gen:                   uinti
uintia                                  :S:Par:                   uinti
uinnissa                                :S:Ine:                   uinti
uinnista                                :S:Ela:                   uinti
uintiin                                 :S:Ill:                   uinti
uinnilla                                :S:Ade:                   uinti
uinnilta                                :S:Abl:                   uinti
uinnille                                :S:All:                   uinti
uintina                                 :S:Ess:                   uinti
uinniksi                                :S:Tra:                   uinti
uinnitta                                :S:Abe:                   uinti
uinnit                                  :P:Nom:                   uinti
uintien                                 :P:Gen:                   uinti
uinteja                                 :P:Par:                   uinti
uinneissa                               :P:Ine:                   uinti
uinneista                               :P:Ela:                   uinti
uinteihin                               :P:Ill:                   uinti
uinneilla                               :P:Ade:                   uinti
uinneilta                               :P:Abl:                   uinti
uinneille                               :P:All:                   uinti
uinteina                                :P:Ess:                   uinti
uinneiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uinti
uinnein                                 :P:Ins:                   uinti
uinneitta                               :P:Abe:                   uinti
uinteine                                :P:Kom:                   uinti
uintikausi                              :S:Nom:                   uintikausi
uintikauden                             :S:Gen:                   uintikausi
uintikautta                             :S:Par:                   uintikausi
uintikaudessa                           :S:Ine:                   uintikausi
uintikaudesta                           :S:Ela:                   uintikausi
uintikauteen                            :S:Ill:                   uintikausi
uintikaudella                           :S:Ade:                   uintikausi
uintikaudelta                           :S:Abl:                   uintikausi
uintikaudelle                           :S:All:                   uintikausi
uintikautena                            :S:Ess:                   uintikausi
uintikaudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uintikausi
uintikaudetta                           :S:Abe:                   uintikausi
uintikaudet                             :P:Nom:                   uintikausi
uintikausien                            :P:Gen:                   uintikausi
uintikautten                            :P:Gen:                   uintikausi
uintikausia                             :P:Par:                   uintikausi
uintikausissa                           :P:Ine:                   uintikausi
uintikausista                           :P:Ela:                   uintikausi
uintikausiin                            :P:Ill:                   uintikausi
uintikausilla                           :P:Ade:                   uintikausi
uintikausilta                           :P:Abl:                   uintikausi
uintikausille                           :P:All:                   uintikausi
uintikausina                            :P:Ess:                   uintikausi
uintikausiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uintikausi
uintikausiin                            :P:Ins:                   uintikausi
uintikausitta                           :P:Abe:                   uintikausi
uintikausine                            :P:Kom:                   uintikausi
uintikelpoinen                          :S:Nom:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisen                          :S:Gen:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoista                          :S:Par:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisessa                        :S:Ine:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisesta                        :S:Ela:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoiseen                         :S:Ill:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisella                        :S:Ade:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoiselta                        :S:Abl:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoiselle                        :S:All:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisena                         :S:Ess:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisetta                        :S:Abe:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoiset                          :P:Nom:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisten                         :P:Gen:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisin                          :P:Gen:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisia                          :P:Par:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisissa                        :P:Ine:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisista                        :P:Ela:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisilla                        :P:Ade:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisilta                        :P:Abl:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisille                        :P:All:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisina                         :P:Ess:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisin                          :P:Ins:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisitta                        :P:Abe:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelpoisine                         :P:Kom:                   uintikelpoinen
uintikelvoton                           :S:Nom:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottoman                        :S:Gen:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvotonta                         :S:Par:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomassa                      :S:Ine:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomasta                      :S:Ela:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomaan                       :S:Ill:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomalla                      :S:Ade:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomalta                      :S:Abl:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomalle                      :S:All:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomana                       :S:Ess:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomaksi                      :S:Tra:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomatta                      :S:Abe:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomat                        :P:Nom:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomien                       :P:Gen:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvotonten                        :P:Gen:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomia                        :P:Par:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomissa                      :P:Ine:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomista                      :P:Ela:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomiin                       :P:Ill:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomilla                      :P:Ade:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomilta                      :P:Abl:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomille                      :P:All:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomina                       :P:Ess:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomin                        :P:Ins:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomitta                      :P:Abe:                   uintikelvoton
uintikelvottomine                       :P:Kom:                   uintikelvoton
uintikielto                             :S:Nom:                   uintikielto
uintikiellon                            :S:Gen:                   uintikielto
uintikieltoa                            :S:Par:                   uintikielto
uintikiellossa                          :S:Ine:                   uintikielto
uintikiellosta                          :S:Ela:                   uintikielto
uintikieltoon                           :S:Ill:                   uintikielto
uintikiellolla                          :S:Ade:                   uintikielto
uintikiellolta                          :S:Abl:                   uintikielto
uintikiellolle                          :S:All:                   uintikielto
uintikieltona                           :S:Ess:                   uintikielto
uintikielloksi                          :S:Tra:                   uintikielto
uintikiellotta                          :S:Abe:                   uintikielto
uintikiellot                            :P:Nom:                   uintikielto
uintikieltojen                          :P:Gen:                   uintikielto
uintikieltoja                           :P:Par:                   uintikielto
uintikielloissa                         :P:Ine:                   uintikielto
uintikielloista                         :P:Ela:                   uintikielto
uintikieltoihin                         :P:Ill:                   uintikielto
uintikielloilla                         :P:Ade:                   uintikielto
uintikielloilta                         :P:Abl:                   uintikielto
uintikielloille                         :P:All:                   uintikielto
uintikieltoina                          :P:Ess:                   uintikielto
uintikielloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uintikielto
uintikielloin                           :P:Ins:                   uintikielto
uintikielloitta                         :P:Abe:                   uintikielto
uintikieltoine                          :P:Kom:                   uintikielto
uintikilpailu                           :S:Nom:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailun                          :S:Gen:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailua                          :S:Par:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailussa                        :S:Ine:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailusta                        :S:Ela:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuun                         :S:Ill:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailulla                        :S:Ade:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailulta                        :S:Abl:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailulle                        :S:All:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuna                         :S:Ess:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuksi                        :S:Tra:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailutta                        :S:Abe:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailut                          :P:Nom:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailujen                        :P:Gen:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuiden                       :P:Gen:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuitten                      :P:Gen:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuja                         :P:Par:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuita                        :P:Par:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuissa                       :P:Ine:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuista                       :P:Ela:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuihin                       :P:Ill:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuilla                       :P:Ade:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuilta                       :P:Abl:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuille                       :P:All:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuina                        :P:Ess:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuin                         :P:Ins:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuitta                       :P:Abe:                   uintikilpailu
uintikilpailuine                        :P:Kom:                   uintikilpailu
uintilaji                               :S:Nom:                   uintilaji
uintilajin                              :S:Gen:                   uintilaji
uintilajia                              :S:Par:                   uintilaji
uintilajissa                            :S:Ine:                   uintilaji
uintilajista                            :S:Ela:                   uintilaji
uintilajiin                             :S:Ill:                   uintilaji
uintilajilla                            :S:Ade:                   uintilaji
uintilajilta                            :S:Abl:                   uintilaji
uintilajille                            :S:All:                   uintilaji
uintilajina                             :S:Ess:                   uintilaji
uintilajiksi                            :S:Tra:                   uintilaji
uintilajitta                            :S:Abe:                   uintilaji
uintilajit                              :P:Nom:                   uintilaji
uintilajien                             :P:Gen:                   uintilaji
uintilajeja                             :P:Par:                   uintilaji
uintilajeissa                           :P:Ine:                   uintilaji
uintilajeista                           :P:Ela:                   uintilaji
uintilajeihin                           :P:Ill:                   uintilaji
uintilajeilla                           :P:Ade:                   uintilaji
uintilajeilta                           :P:Abl:                   uintilaji
uintilajeille                           :P:All:                   uintilaji
uintilajeina                            :P:Ess:                   uintilaji
uintilajeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uintilaji
uintilajein                             :P:Ins:                   uintilaji
uintilajeitta                           :P:Abe:                   uintilaji
uintilajeine                            :P:Kom:                   uintilaji
uintimatka                              :S:Nom:                   uintimatka
uintimatkan                             :S:Gen:                   uintimatka
uintimatkaa                             :S:Par:                   uintimatka
uintimatkassa                           :S:Ine:                   uintimatka
uintimatkasta                           :S:Ela:                   uintimatka
uintimatkaan                            :S:Ill:                   uintimatka
uintimatkalla                           :S:Ade:                   uintimatka
uintimatkalta                           :S:Abl:                   uintimatka
uintimatkalle                           :S:All:                   uintimatka
uintimatkana                            :S:Ess:                   uintimatka
uintimatkaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uintimatka
uintimatkatta                           :S:Abe:                   uintimatka
uintimatkat                             :P:Nom:                   uintimatka
uintimatkojen                           :P:Gen:                   uintimatka
uintimatkain                            :P:Gen:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoja                            :P:Par:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoista                          :P:Ela:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoille                          :P:All:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoina                           :P:Ess:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoin                            :P:Ins:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uintimatka
uintimatkoine                           :P:Kom:                   uintimatka
uintiretki                              :S:Nom:                   uintiretki
uintiretken                             :S:Gen:                   uintiretki
uintiretkeä                             :S:Par:                   uintiretki
uintiretkessä                           :S:Ine:                   uintiretki
uintiretkestä                           :S:Ela:                   uintiretki
uintiretkeen                            :S:Ill:                   uintiretki
uintiretkellä                           :S:Ade:                   uintiretki
uintiretkeltä                           :S:Abl:                   uintiretki
uintiretkelle                           :S:All:                   uintiretki
uintiretkenä                            :S:Ess:                   uintiretki
uintiretkeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uintiretki
uintiretkettä                           :S:Abe:                   uintiretki
uintiretket                             :P:Nom:                   uintiretki
uintiretkien                            :P:Gen:                   uintiretki
uintiretkiä                             :P:Par:                   uintiretki
uintiretkissä                           :P:Ine:                   uintiretki
uintiretkistä                           :P:Ela:                   uintiretki
uintiretkiin                            :P:Ill:                   uintiretki
uintiretkillä                           :P:Ade:                   uintiretki
uintiretkiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uintiretki
uintiretkille                           :P:All:                   uintiretki
uintiretkinä                            :P:Ess:                   uintiretki
uintiretkiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uintiretki
uintiretkin                             :P:Ins:                   uintiretki
uintiretkittä                           :P:Abe:                   uintiretki
uintiretkine                            :P:Kom:                   uintiretki
uintiurheilu                            :S:Nom:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilun                           :S:Gen:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilua                           :S:Par:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilussa                         :S:Ine:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilusta                         :S:Ela:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluun                          :S:Ill:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilulla                         :S:Ade:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilulta                         :S:Abl:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilulle                         :S:All:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluna                          :S:Ess:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluksi                         :S:Tra:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilutta                         :S:Abe:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilut                           :P:Nom:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheilujen                         :P:Gen:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluiden                        :P:Gen:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluitten                       :P:Gen:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluja                          :P:Par:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluita                         :P:Par:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluissa                        :P:Ine:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluista                        :P:Ela:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluihin                        :P:Ill:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluilla                        :P:Ade:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluilta                        :P:Abl:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluille                        :P:All:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluina                         :P:Ess:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluin                          :P:Ins:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluitta                        :P:Abe:                   uintiurheilu
uintiurheiluine                         :P:Kom:                   uintiurheilu
uinun                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinua
uinut                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinuu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinumme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinutte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinuvat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinutaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uinua
uinu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinua
uinu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uinuin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uinua
uinuit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinui                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinuimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinuitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinuivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uinunen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinua
uinunet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinunee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinunemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinunette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinunevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uinua
uinune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinua
uinune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uinuisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uinua
uinuisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinuisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinuisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinuisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uinua
uinuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinua
uinuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uinu                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinukoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinukaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinukaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinukoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uinua
uinu                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uinua
uinua                                   :Inf1:                    uinua
uinuakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  uinua
uinuessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uinua
uinuttaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uinua
uinuen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uinua
uinumassa                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uinua
uinumasta                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uinua
uinumaan                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uinua
uinumalla                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uinua
uinumatta                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uinua
uinuman                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uinua
uinuttaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uinua
uinuminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                uinua
uinumista                               :Inf4:Par:                uinua
uinumaisillaan                          :Inf5:                    uinua
uinuva                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uinua
uinuttava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uinua
uinunut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             uinua
uinuttu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uinua
uinuma                                  :Cip:Age:                 uinua
uinumaton                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uinunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uinua
uinunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uinua
uinunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uinunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uinua
uinunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uinua
uinunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uinua
uinunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uinua
uinunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uinunut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uinua
uinuneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uinua
uinuttu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uinua
uinunut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uinua
uinuneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uinua
uinuttu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uinua
uiskentelen                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uiskennella
uiskentelet                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskentelee                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskentelemme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskentelette                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskentelevat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskennellaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskentele                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentele                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentele                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentele                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentele                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentele                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennella                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uiskentelin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uiskennella
uiskentelit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskenteli                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskentelimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskentelitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskentelivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uiskennellen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uiskennella
uiskennellet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskennellee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskennellemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskennellette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskennellevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uiskentelisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uiskennella
uiskentelisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskentelisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskentelisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskentelisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskentelisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskentelisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentelisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentelisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentelisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentelisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskentelisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uiskentele                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskennelkoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskennelkaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskennelkaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskennelkoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskentele                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennella                             :Inf1:                    uiskennella
uiskennellakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  uiskennella
uiskennellessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uiskennella
uiskenneltaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uiskennella
uiskennellen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uiskennella
uiskentelemassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uiskennella
uiskentelemasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uiskennella
uiskentelemaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uiskennella
uiskentelemalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uiskennella
uiskentelematta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uiskennella
uiskenteleman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uiskennella
uiskenneltaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uiskennella
uiskenteleminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                uiskennella
uiskentelemista                         :Inf4:Par:                uiskennella
uiskentelemaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    uiskennella
uiskenteleva                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uiskennella
uiskenneltava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskentelema                            :Cip:Age:                 uiskennella
uiskentelematon                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             uiskennella
uiskennellut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskennelleet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uiskennella
uiskenneltu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uiskennella
uisko                                   :S:Nom:                   uisko
uiskon                                  :S:Gen:                   uisko
uiskoa                                  :S:Par:                   uisko
uiskossa                                :S:Ine:                   uisko
uiskosta                                :S:Ela:                   uisko
uiskoon                                 :S:Ill:                   uisko
uiskolla                                :S:Ade:                   uisko
uiskolta                                :S:Abl:                   uisko
uiskolle                                :S:All:                   uisko
uiskona                                 :S:Ess:                   uisko
uiskoksi                                :S:Tra:                   uisko
uiskotta                                :S:Abe:                   uisko
uiskot                                  :P:Nom:                   uisko
uiskojen                                :P:Gen:                   uisko
uiskoja                                 :P:Par:                   uisko
uiskoissa                               :P:Ine:                   uisko
uiskoista                               :P:Ela:                   uisko
uiskoihin                               :P:Ill:                   uisko
uiskoilla                               :P:Ade:                   uisko
uiskoilta                               :P:Abl:                   uisko
uiskoille                               :P:All:                   uisko
uiskoina                                :P:Ess:                   uisko
uiskoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uisko
uiskoin                                 :P:Ins:                   uisko
uiskoitta                               :P:Abe:                   uisko
uiskoine                                :P:Kom:                   uisko
uistan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uistaa
uistat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uistaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistavat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistetaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uistaa
uista                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistaa
uista                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uista                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uista                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uista                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uista                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uisteta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uistin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uistaa
uistit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uisti                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uistanen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uistaa
uistanet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uistanee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistanemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistanette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistanevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uistaa
uistane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistaa
uistane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uistane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uistane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uistane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uistaisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uistaa
uistaisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uistaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistaisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistaisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistaisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             uistaa
uistaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistaa
uistaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uistaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uistaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uistaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uista                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uistakoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistakaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistakaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistakoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uistaa
uista                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uistako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uistako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uistako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uistaa
uistaa                                  :Inf1:                    uistaa
uistaakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  uistaa
uistaessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uistaa
uistettaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uistaa
uistaen                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uistaa
uistamassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uistaa
uistamasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uistaa
uistamaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uistaa
uistamalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uistaa
uistamatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uistaa
uistaman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uistaa
uistettaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uistaa
uistaminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                uistaa
uistamista                              :Inf4:Par:                uistaa
uistamaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    uistaa
uistava                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uistaa
uistettava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uistaa
uistanut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             uistaa
uistettu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             uistaa
uistama                                 :Cip:Age:                 uistaa
uistamaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uistanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uistaa
uistanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uistanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             uistaa
uistanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uistanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uistaa
uistanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uistaa
uistanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             uistaa
uistanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistaa
uistanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uistanut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uistaa
uistaneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uistaa
uistettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             uistaa
uistanut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistaa
uistaneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistaa
uistettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uistaa
uistelija                               :S:Nom:                   uistelija
uistelijan                              :S:Gen:                   uistelija
uistelijaa                              :S:Par:                   uistelija
uistelijassa                            :S:Ine:                   uistelija
uistelijasta                            :S:Ela:                   uistelija
uistelijaan                             :S:Ill:                   uistelija
uistelijalla                            :S:Ade:                   uistelija
uistelijalta                            :S:Abl:                   uistelija
uistelijalle                            :S:All:                   uistelija
uistelijana                             :S:Ess:                   uistelija
uistelijaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uistelija
uistelijatta                            :S:Abe:                   uistelija
uistelijat                              :P:Nom:                   uistelija
uistelijoiden                           :P:Gen:                   uistelija
uistelijoitten                          :P:Gen:                   uistelija
uistelijain                             :P:Gen:                   uistelija
uistelijoita                            :P:Par:                   uistelija
uistelijoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uistelija
uistelijoista                           :P:Ela:                   uistelija
uistelijoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uistelija
uistelijoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uistelija
uistelijoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uistelija
uistelijoille                           :P:All:                   uistelija
uistelijoina                            :P:Ess:                   uistelija
uistelijoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uistelija
uistelijoin                             :P:Ins:                   uistelija
uistelijoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uistelija
uistelijoine                            :P:Kom:                   uistelija
uistelen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uistella
uistelet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uistella
uistelee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistelette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistelevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uistella
uistellaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uistella
uistele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistella
uistele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uistella                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistelin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uistella
uistelit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uistella
uisteli                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistelitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistelivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistellen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uistella
uistellet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uistella
uistellee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistellemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistellette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistellevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uistella
uistelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistella
uistelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistelisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uistella
uistelisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uistella
uistelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistelisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistelisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             uistella
uistelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistella
uistelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistele                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uistella
uistelkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistelkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistelkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uistella
uistele                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistelko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistelko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistelko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uistella
uistella                                :Inf1:                    uistella
uistellakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uistella
uistellessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uistella
uisteltaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uistella
uistellen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uistella
uistelemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uistella
uistelemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uistella
uistelemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uistella
uistelemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uistella
uistelematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uistella
uisteleman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uistella
uisteltaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uistella
uisteleminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uistella
uistelemista                            :Inf4:Par:                uistella
uistelemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uistella
uisteleva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uistella
uisteltava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uistella
uistellut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             uistella
uisteltu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             uistella
uistelema                               :Cip:Age:                 uistella
uistelematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uistella
uistellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uistella
uistellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             uistella
uistellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uistella
uistellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uistella
uistellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             uistella
uistellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uistella
uistellut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistellut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uistella
uistelleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uistella
uisteltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             uistella
uistellut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uistella
uistelleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uistella
uisteltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uistella
uistelu                                 :S:Nom:                   uistelu
uistelun                                :S:Gen:                   uistelu
uistelua                                :S:Par:                   uistelu
uistelussa                              :S:Ine:                   uistelu
uistelusta                              :S:Ela:                   uistelu
uisteluun                               :S:Ill:                   uistelu
uistelulla                              :S:Ade:                   uistelu
uistelulta                              :S:Abl:                   uistelu
uistelulle                              :S:All:                   uistelu
uisteluna                               :S:Ess:                   uistelu
uisteluksi                              :S:Tra:                   uistelu
uistelutta                              :S:Abe:                   uistelu
uistelut                                :P:Nom:                   uistelu
uistelujen                              :P:Gen:                   uistelu
uisteluiden                             :P:Gen:                   uistelu
uisteluitten                            :P:Gen:                   uistelu
uisteluja                               :P:Par:                   uistelu
uisteluita                              :P:Par:                   uistelu
uisteluissa                             :P:Ine:                   uistelu
uisteluista                             :P:Ela:                   uistelu
uisteluihin                             :P:Ill:                   uistelu
uisteluilla                             :P:Ade:                   uistelu
uisteluilta                             :P:Abl:                   uistelu
uisteluille                             :P:All:                   uistelu
uisteluina                              :P:Ess:                   uistelu
uisteluiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uistelu
uisteluin                               :P:Ins:                   uistelu
uisteluitta                             :P:Abe:                   uistelu
uisteluine                              :P:Kom:                   uistelu
uistin                                  :S:Nom:                   uistin
uistimen                                :S:Gen:                   uistin
uistinta                                :S:Par:                   uistin
uistimessa                              :S:Ine:                   uistin
uistimesta                              :S:Ela:                   uistin
uistimeen                               :S:Ill:                   uistin
uistimella                              :S:Ade:                   uistin
uistimelta                              :S:Abl:                   uistin
uistimelle                              :S:All:                   uistin
uistimena                               :S:Ess:                   uistin
uistimeksi                              :S:Tra:                   uistin
uistimetta                              :S:Abe:                   uistin
uistimet                                :P:Nom:                   uistin
uistimien                               :P:Gen:                   uistin
uistinten                               :P:Gen:                   uistin
uistimia                                :P:Par:                   uistin
uistimissa                              :P:Ine:                   uistin
uistimista                              :P:Ela:                   uistin
uistimiin                               :P:Ill:                   uistin
uistimilla                              :P:Ade:                   uistin
uistimilta                              :P:Abl:                   uistin
uistimille                              :P:All:                   uistin
uistimina                               :P:Ess:                   uistin
uistimiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uistin
uistimin                                :P:Ins:                   uistin
uistimitta                              :P:Abe:                   uistin
uistimine                               :P:Kom:                   uistin
uittelen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uitella
uittelet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uitella
uittelee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uitella
uittelemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uitella
uittelette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uitella
uittelevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uitella
uitellaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uitella
uittele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uitella
uittele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uittele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uittele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uittele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uittele                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uitella                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uittelin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uitella
uittelit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uitella
uitteli                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uitella
uittelimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uitella
uittelitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uitella
uittelivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uitellen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uitella
uitellet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uitella
uitellee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uitella
uitellemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uitella
uitellette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uitella
uitellevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uitella
uitelle                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uitella
uitelle                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uitelle                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uitelle                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uitelle                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uitelle                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uittelisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uitella
uittelisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uitella
uittelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uitella
uittelisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uitella
uittelisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uitella
uittelisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uitella
uittelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uitella
uittelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uittelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uittelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uittelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uittelisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uittele                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uitella
uitelkoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uitella
uitelkaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uitella
uitelkaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uitella
uitelkoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uitella
uittele                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uitelko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uitelko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uitelko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uitelko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uitella
uitella                                 :Inf1:                    uitella
uitellakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  uitella
uitellessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uitella
uiteltaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uitella
uitellen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uitella
uittelemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uitella
uittelemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uitella
uittelemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uitella
uittelemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uitella
uittelematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uitella
uitteleman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uitella
uiteltaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uitella
uitteleminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uitella
uittelemista                            :Inf4:Par:                uitella
uittelemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uitella
uitteleva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uitella
uiteltava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uitella
uitellut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             uitella
uiteltu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uitella
uittelema                               :Cip:Age:                 uitella
uittelematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uitellut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uitella
uitellut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uitella
uitellut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uitella
uitellut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uitellut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uitella
uitellut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uitella
uitellut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uitella
uitellut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uitella
uitellut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uitellut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uitella
uitelleet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uitella
uiteltu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uitella
uitellut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uitella
uitelleet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uitella
uiteltu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uitella
uitan                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uittaa
uitat                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uittaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uitamme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uitatte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittavat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitetaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uittaa
uita                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uittaa
uita                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uita                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uita                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uita                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uita                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uiteta                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uitin                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uittaa
uitit                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uitti                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uitimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uititte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uittanen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uittaa
uittanet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uittanee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uittanemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uittanette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittanevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uittaa
uittane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uittaa
uittane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uittane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uittane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uittane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uittaisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uittaa
uittaisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uittaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uittaisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uittaisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittaisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uittaa
uittaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uittaa
uittaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uittaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uittaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uittaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uita                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uittakoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uittakaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uittakaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittakoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uittaa
uita                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uittako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uittako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uittako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uittaa
uittaa                                  :Inf1:                    uittaa
uittaakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  uittaa
uittaessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uittaa
uitettaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uittaa
uittaen                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uittaa
uittamassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uittaa
uittamasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uittaa
uittamaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uittaa
uittamalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uittaa
uittamatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uittaa
uittaman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uittaa
uitettaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uittaa
uittaminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                uittaa
uittamista                              :Inf4:Par:                uittaa
uittamaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    uittaa
uittava                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uittaa
uitettava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uittaa
uittanut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             uittaa
uitettu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uittaa
uittama                                 :Cip:Age:                 uittaa
uittamaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uittanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uittaa
uittanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uittanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uittaa
uittanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uittanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uittaa
uittanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uittaa
uittanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uittaa
uittanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uittaa
uittanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uittanut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uittaa
uittaneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uittaa
uitettu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uittaa
uittanut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uittaa
uittaneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uittaa
uitettu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uittaa
uitto                                   :S:Nom:                   uitto
uiton                                   :S:Gen:                   uitto
uittoa                                  :S:Par:                   uitto
uitossa                                 :S:Ine:                   uitto
uitosta                                 :S:Ela:                   uitto
uittoon                                 :S:Ill:                   uitto
uitolla                                 :S:Ade:                   uitto
uitolta                                 :S:Abl:                   uitto
uitolle                                 :S:All:                   uitto
uittona                                 :S:Ess:                   uitto
uitoksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uitto
uitotta                                 :S:Abe:                   uitto
uitot                                   :P:Nom:                   uitto
uittojen                                :P:Gen:                   uitto
uittoja                                 :P:Par:                   uitto
uitoissa                                :P:Ine:                   uitto
uitoista                                :P:Ela:                   uitto
uittoihin                               :P:Ill:                   uitto
uitoilla                                :P:Ade:                   uitto
uitoilta                                :P:Abl:                   uitto
uitoille                                :P:All:                   uitto
uittoina                                :P:Ess:                   uitto
uitoiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uitto
uitoin                                  :P:Ins:                   uitto
uitoitta                                :P:Abe:                   uitto
uittoine                                :P:Kom:                   uitto
uittohaka                               :S:Nom:                   uittohaka
uittohaan                               :S:Gen:                   uittohaka
uittohakaa                              :S:Par:                   uittohaka
uittohaassa                             :S:Ine:                   uittohaka
uittohaasta                             :S:Ela:                   uittohaka
uittohakaan                             :S:Ill:                   uittohaka
uittohaalla                             :S:Ade:                   uittohaka
uittohaalta                             :S:Abl:                   uittohaka
uittohaalle                             :S:All:                   uittohaka
uittohakana                             :S:Ess:                   uittohaka
uittohaaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uittohaka
uittohaatta                             :S:Abe:                   uittohaka
uittohaat                               :P:Nom:                   uittohaka
uittohakojen                            :P:Gen:                   uittohaka
uittohakain                             :P:Gen:                   uittohaka
uittohakoja                             :P:Par:                   uittohaka
uittohaoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uittohaka
uittohaoista                            :P:Ela:                   uittohaka
uittohakoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uittohaka
uittohaoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uittohaka
uittohaoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uittohaka
uittohaoille                            :P:All:                   uittohaka
uittohakoina                            :P:Ess:                   uittohaka
uittohaoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uittohaka
uittohaoin                              :P:Ins:                   uittohaka
uittohaoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uittohaka
uittohakoine                            :P:Kom:                   uittohaka
uittohukka                              :S:Nom:                   uittohukka
uittohukan                              :S:Gen:                   uittohukka
uittohukkaa                             :S:Par:                   uittohukka
uittohukassa                            :S:Ine:                   uittohukka
uittohukasta                            :S:Ela:                   uittohukka
uittohukkaan                            :S:Ill:                   uittohukka
uittohukalla                            :S:Ade:                   uittohukka
uittohukalta                            :S:Abl:                   uittohukka
uittohukalle                            :S:All:                   uittohukka
uittohukkana                            :S:Ess:                   uittohukka
uittohukaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uittohukka
uittohukatta                            :S:Abe:                   uittohukka
uittohukat                              :P:Nom:                   uittohukka
uittohukkien                            :P:Gen:                   uittohukka
uittohukkain                            :P:Gen:                   uittohukka
uittohukkia                             :P:Par:                   uittohukka
uittohukissa                            :P:Ine:                   uittohukka
uittohukista                            :P:Ela:                   uittohukka
uittohukkiin                            :P:Ill:                   uittohukka
uittohukilla                            :P:Ade:                   uittohukka
uittohukilta                            :P:Abl:                   uittohukka
uittohukille                            :P:All:                   uittohukka
uittohukkina                            :P:Ess:                   uittohukka
uittohukiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uittohukka
uittohukin                              :P:Ins:                   uittohukka
uittohukitta                            :P:Abe:                   uittohukka
uittohukkine                            :P:Kom:                   uittohukka
uittohäviö                              :S:Nom:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviön                             :S:Gen:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviötä                            :S:Par:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviössä                           :S:Ine:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöstä                           :S:Ela:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöön                            :S:Ill:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöllä                           :S:Ade:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöltä                           :S:Abl:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviölle                           :S:All:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviönä                            :S:Ess:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöksi                           :S:Tra:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöttä                           :S:Abe:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöt                             :P:Nom:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöiden                          :P:Gen:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöitten                         :P:Gen:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöitä                           :P:Par:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöissä                          :P:Ine:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöistä                          :P:Ela:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöihin                          :P:Ill:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöillä                          :P:Ade:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöille                          :P:All:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöinä                           :P:Ess:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöin                            :P:Ins:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöittä                          :P:Abe:                   uittohäviö
uittohäviöine                           :P:Kom:                   uittohäviö
uittokanava                             :S:Nom:                   uittokanava
uittokanavan                            :S:Gen:                   uittokanava
uittokanavaa                            :S:Par:                   uittokanava
uittokanavassa                          :S:Ine:                   uittokanava
uittokanavasta                          :S:Ela:                   uittokanava
uittokanavaan                           :S:Ill:                   uittokanava
uittokanavalla                          :S:Ade:                   uittokanava
uittokanavalta                          :S:Abl:                   uittokanava
uittokanavalle                          :S:All:                   uittokanava
uittokanavana                           :S:Ess:                   uittokanava
uittokanavaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uittokanava
uittokanavatta                          :S:Abe:                   uittokanava
uittokanavat                            :P:Nom:                   uittokanava
uittokanavien                           :P:Gen:                   uittokanava
uittokanavain                           :P:Gen:                   uittokanava
uittokanavia                            :P:Par:                   uittokanava
uittokanavissa                          :P:Ine:                   uittokanava
uittokanavista                          :P:Ela:                   uittokanava
uittokanaviin                           :P:Ill:                   uittokanava
uittokanavilla                          :P:Ade:                   uittokanava
uittokanavilta                          :P:Abl:                   uittokanava
uittokanaville                          :P:All:                   uittokanava
uittokanavina                           :P:Ess:                   uittokanava
uittokanaviksi                          :P:Tra:                   uittokanava
uittokanavin                            :P:Ins:                   uittokanava
uittokanavitta                          :P:Abe:                   uittokanava
uittokanavine                           :P:Kom:                   uittokanava
uittokouru                              :S:Nom:                   uittokouru
uittokourun                             :S:Gen:                   uittokouru
uittokourua                             :S:Par:                   uittokouru
uittokourussa                           :S:Ine:                   uittokouru
uittokourusta                           :S:Ela:                   uittokouru
uittokouruun                            :S:Ill:                   uittokouru
uittokourulla                           :S:Ade:                   uittokouru
uittokourulta                           :S:Abl:                   uittokouru
uittokourulle                           :S:All:                   uittokouru
uittokouruna                            :S:Ess:                   uittokouru
uittokouruksi                           :S:Tra:                   uittokouru
uittokourutta                           :S:Abe:                   uittokouru
uittokourut                             :P:Nom:                   uittokouru
uittokourujen                           :P:Gen:                   uittokouru
uittokouruja                            :P:Par:                   uittokouru
uittokouruissa                          :P:Ine:                   uittokouru
uittokouruista                          :P:Ela:                   uittokouru
uittokouruihin                          :P:Ill:                   uittokouru
uittokouruilla                          :P:Ade:                   uittokouru
uittokouruilta                          :P:Abl:                   uittokouru
uittokouruille                          :P:All:                   uittokouru
uittokouruina                           :P:Ess:                   uittokouru
uittokouruiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uittokouru
uittokouruin                            :P:Ins:                   uittokouru
uittokouruitta                          :P:Abe:                   uittokouru
uittokouruine                           :P:Kom:                   uittokouru
uittomies                               :S:Nom:                   uittomies
uittomiehen                             :S:Gen:                   uittomies
uittomiestä                             :S:Par:                   uittomies
uittomiehessä                           :S:Ine:                   uittomies
uittomiehestä                           :S:Ela:                   uittomies
uittomieheen                            :S:Ill:                   uittomies
uittomiehellä                           :S:Ade:                   uittomies
uittomieheltä                           :S:Abl:                   uittomies
uittomiehelle                           :S:All:                   uittomies
uittomiehenä                            :S:Ess:                   uittomies
uittomieheksi                           :S:Tra:                   uittomies
uittomiehettä                           :S:Abe:                   uittomies
uittomiehet                             :P:Nom:                   uittomies
uittomiesten                            :P:Gen:                   uittomies
uittomiehien                            :P:Gen:                   uittomies
uittomiehiä                             :P:Par:                   uittomies
uittomiehissä                           :P:Ine:                   uittomies
uittomiehistä                           :P:Ela:                   uittomies
uittomiehiin                            :P:Ill:                   uittomies
uittomiehillä                           :P:Ade:                   uittomies
uittomiehiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uittomies
uittomiehille                           :P:All:                   uittomies
uittomiehinä                            :P:Ess:                   uittomies
uittomiehiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uittomies
uittomiehin                             :P:Ins:                   uittomies
uittomiehittä                           :P:Abe:                   uittomies
uittomiehine                            :P:Kom:                   uittomies
uittopua                                :S:Nom:                   uittopuu
uittopuan                               :S:Gen:                   uittopuu
uittopuata                              :S:Par:                   uittopuu
uittopuassa                             :S:Ine:                   uittopuu
uittopuasta                             :S:Ela:                   uittopuu
uittopuuhun                             :S:Ill:                   uittopuu
uittopualla                             :S:Ade:                   uittopuu
uittopualta                             :S:Abl:                   uittopuu
uittopualle                             :S:All:                   uittopuu
uittopuana                              :S:Ess:                   uittopuu
uittopuaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uittopuu
uittopuatta                             :S:Abe:                   uittopuu
uittopuat                               :P:Nom:                   uittopuu
uittopuiden                             :P:Gen:                   uittopuu
uittopuitten                            :P:Gen:                   uittopuu
uittopuita                              :P:Par:                   uittopuu
uittopuissa                             :P:Ine:                   uittopuu
uittopuista                             :P:Ela:                   uittopuu
uittopuihin                             :P:Ill:                   uittopuu
uittopuilla                             :P:Ade:                   uittopuu
uittopuilta                             :P:Abl:                   uittopuu
uittopuille                             :P:All:                   uittopuu
uittopuina                              :P:Ess:                   uittopuu
uittopuiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uittopuu
uittopuin                               :P:Ins:                   uittopuu
uittopuitta                             :P:Abe:                   uittopuu
uittopuine                              :P:Kom:                   uittopuu
uittoruuhi                              :S:Nom:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhen                             :S:Gen:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhta                             :S:Par:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhessa                           :S:Ine:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhesta                           :S:Ela:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuheen                            :S:Ill:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhella                           :S:Ade:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhelta                           :S:Abl:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhelle                           :S:All:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhena                            :S:Ess:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuheksi                           :S:Tra:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhetta                           :S:Abe:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhet                             :P:Nom:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhien                            :P:Gen:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhten                            :P:Gen:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhia                             :P:Par:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhissa                           :P:Ine:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhista                           :P:Ela:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhiin                            :P:Ill:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhilla                           :P:Ade:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhilta                           :P:Abl:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhille                           :P:All:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhina                            :P:Ess:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhin                             :P:Ins:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhitta                           :P:Abe:                   uittoruuhi
uittoruuhine                            :P:Kom:                   uittoruuhi
uittoränni                              :S:Nom:                   uittoränni
uittorännin                             :S:Gen:                   uittoränni
uittoränniä                             :S:Par:                   uittoränni
uittorännissä                           :S:Ine:                   uittoränni
uittorännistä                           :S:Ela:                   uittoränni
uittoränniin                            :S:Ill:                   uittoränni
uittorännillä                           :S:Ade:                   uittoränni
uittoränniltä                           :S:Abl:                   uittoränni
uittorännille                           :S:All:                   uittoränni
uittoränninä                            :S:Ess:                   uittoränni
uittoränniksi                           :S:Tra:                   uittoränni
uittorännittä                           :S:Abe:                   uittoränni
uittorännit                             :P:Nom:                   uittoränni
uittorännien                            :P:Gen:                   uittoränni
uittorännejä                            :P:Par:                   uittoränni
uittoränneissä                          :P:Ine:                   uittoränni
uittoränneistä                          :P:Ela:                   uittoränni
uittoränneihin                          :P:Ill:                   uittoränni
uittoränneillä                          :P:Ade:                   uittoränni
uittoränneiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uittoränni
uittoränneille                          :P:All:                   uittoränni
uittoränneinä                           :P:Ess:                   uittoränni
uittoränneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uittoränni
uittorännein                            :P:Ins:                   uittoränni
uittoränneittä                          :P:Abe:                   uittoränni
uittoränneine                           :P:Kom:                   uittoränni
uittotavara                             :S:Nom:                   uittotavara
uittotavaran                            :S:Gen:                   uittotavara
uittotavaraa                            :S:Par:                   uittotavara
uittotavarassa                          :S:Ine:                   uittotavara
uittotavarasta                          :S:Ela:                   uittotavara
uittotavaraan                           :S:Ill:                   uittotavara
uittotavaralla                          :S:Ade:                   uittotavara
uittotavaralta                          :S:Abl:                   uittotavara
uittotavaralle                          :S:All:                   uittotavara
uittotavarana                           :S:Ess:                   uittotavara
uittotavaraksi                          :S:Tra:                   uittotavara
uittotavaratta                          :S:Abe:                   uittotavara
uittotavarat                            :P:Nom:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroiden                         :P:Gen:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroitten                        :P:Gen:                   uittotavara
uittotavarain                           :P:Gen:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroita                          :P:Par:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroissa                         :P:Ine:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroista                         :P:Ela:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroihin                         :P:Ill:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroilla                         :P:Ade:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroilta                         :P:Abl:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroille                         :P:All:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroina                          :P:Ess:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroin                           :P:Ins:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroitta                         :P:Abe:                   uittotavara
uittotavaroine                          :P:Kom:                   uittotavara
uittoteitse                             :S:Nom:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsen                            :S:Gen:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseä                            :S:Par:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsessä                          :S:Ine:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsestä                          :S:Ela:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseen                           :S:Ill:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsellä                          :S:Ade:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseltä                          :S:Abl:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitselle                          :S:All:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsenä                           :S:Ess:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsettä                          :S:Abe:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitset                            :P:Nom:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsejen                          :P:Gen:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsein                           :P:Gen:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsejä                           :P:Par:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseissä                         :P:Ine:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseistä                         :P:Ela:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseihin                         :P:Ill:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseillä                         :P:Ade:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseille                         :P:All:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseinä                          :P:Ess:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitsein                           :P:Ins:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseittä                         :P:Abe:                   uittoteitse
uittoteitseine                          :P:Kom:                   uittoteitse
uittotyö                                :S:Nom:                   uittotyö
uittotyön                               :S:Gen:                   uittotyö
uittotyötä                              :S:Par:                   uittotyö
uittotyössä                             :S:Ine:                   uittotyö
uittotyöstä                             :S:Ela:                   uittotyö
uittotyöhön                             :S:Ill:                   uittotyö
uittotyöllä                             :S:Ade:                   uittotyö
uittotyöltä                             :S:Abl:                   uittotyö
uittotyölle                             :S:All:                   uittotyö
uittotyönä                              :S:Ess:                   uittotyö
uittotyöksi                             :S:Tra:                   uittotyö
uittotyöttä                             :S:Abe:                   uittotyö
uittotyöt                               :P:Nom:                   uittotyö
uittotöiden                             :P:Gen:                   uittotyö
uittotöitten                            :P:Gen:                   uittotyö
uittotöitä                              :P:Par:                   uittotyö
uittotöissä                             :P:Ine:                   uittotyö
uittotöistä                             :P:Ela:                   uittotyö
uittotöihin                             :P:Ill:                   uittotyö
uittotöillä                             :P:Ade:                   uittotyö
uittotöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   uittotyö
uittotöille                             :P:All:                   uittotyö
uittotöinä                              :P:Ess:                   uittotyö
uittotöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uittotyö
uittotöin                               :P:Ins:                   uittotyö
uittotöittä                             :P:Abe:                   uittotyö
uittotöine                              :P:Kom:                   uittotyö
uittotyömaa                             :S:Nom:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaan                            :S:Gen:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaata                           :S:Par:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaassa                          :S:Ine:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaasta                          :S:Ela:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaahan                          :S:Ill:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaalla                          :S:Ade:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaalta                          :S:Abl:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaalle                          :S:All:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaana                           :S:Ess:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaatta                          :S:Abe:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaat                            :P:Nom:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaiden                          :P:Gen:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaitten                         :P:Gen:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaita                           :P:Par:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaissa                          :P:Ine:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaista                          :P:Ela:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaihin                          :P:Ill:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömailla                          :P:Ade:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömailta                          :P:Abl:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaille                          :P:All:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaina                           :P:Ess:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömain                            :P:Ins:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaitta                          :P:Abe:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömaine                           :P:Kom:                   uittotyömaa
uittotyömies                            :S:Nom:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehen                          :S:Gen:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiestä                          :S:Par:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehessä                        :S:Ine:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehestä                        :S:Ela:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömieheen                         :S:Ill:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehellä                        :S:Ade:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömieheltä                        :S:Abl:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehelle                        :S:All:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehenä                         :S:Ess:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömieheksi                        :S:Tra:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehettä                        :S:Abe:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehet                          :P:Nom:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiesten                         :P:Gen:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehien                         :P:Gen:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehiä                          :P:Par:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehissä                        :P:Ine:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehistä                        :P:Ela:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehiin                         :P:Ill:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehillä                        :P:Ade:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehiltä                        :P:Abl:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehille                        :P:All:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehinä                         :P:Ess:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehin                          :P:Ins:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehittä                        :P:Abe:                   uittotyömies
uittotyömiehine                         :P:Kom:                   uittotyömies
uittotyöntekijä                         :S:Nom:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijän                        :S:Gen:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijää                        :S:Par:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijässä                      :S:Ine:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijästä                      :S:Ela:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijään                       :S:Ill:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijällä                      :S:Ade:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijältä                      :S:Abl:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijälle                      :S:All:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijänä                       :S:Ess:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijäksi                      :S:Tra:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijättä                      :S:Abe:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijät                        :P:Nom:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöiden                     :P:Gen:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöitten                    :P:Gen:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijäin                       :P:Gen:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöitä                      :P:Par:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöissä                     :P:Ine:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöistä                     :P:Ela:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöihin                     :P:Ill:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöillä                     :P:Ade:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöiltä                     :P:Abl:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöille                     :P:All:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöinä                      :P:Ess:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöin                       :P:Ins:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöittä                     :P:Abe:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittotyöntekijöine                      :P:Kom:                   uittotyöntekijä
uittoväylä                              :S:Nom:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylän                             :S:Gen:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylää                             :S:Par:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylässä                           :S:Ine:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylästä                           :S:Ela:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylään                            :S:Ill:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylällä                           :S:Ade:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylältä                           :S:Abl:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylälle                           :S:All:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylänä                            :S:Ess:                   uittoväylä
uittoväyläksi                           :S:Tra:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylättä                           :S:Abe:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylät                             :P:Nom:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylien                            :P:Gen:                   uittoväylä
uittoväyläin                            :P:Gen:                   uittoväylä
uittoväyliä                             :P:Par:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylissä                           :P:Ine:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylistä                           :P:Ela:                   uittoväylä
uittoväyliin                            :P:Ill:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylillä                           :P:Ade:                   uittoväylä
uittoväyliltä                           :P:Abl:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylille                           :P:All:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylinä                            :P:Ess:                   uittoväylä
uittoväyliksi                           :P:Tra:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylin                             :P:Ins:                   uittoväylä
uittoväylittä                           :P:Abe:                   uittoväylä
uittoväyline                            :P:Kom:                   uittoväylä
uittoyhdistys                           :S:Nom:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksen                        :S:Gen:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistystä                         :S:Par:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistykseen                       :S:Ill:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistykselle                      :S:All:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistykset                        :P:Nom:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistysten                        :P:Gen:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksien                       :P:Gen:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksiä                        :P:Par:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksille                      :P:All:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksin                        :P:Ins:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   uittoyhdistys
uittoyhdistyksine                       :P:Kom:                   uittoyhdistys
uiva                                    :S:Nom:                   uiva
uivan                                   :S:Gen:                   uiva
uivaa                                   :S:Par:                   uiva
uivassa                                 :S:Ine:                   uiva
uivasta                                 :S:Ela:                   uiva
uivaan                                  :S:Ill:                   uiva
uivalla                                 :S:Ade:                   uiva
uivalta                                 :S:Abl:                   uiva
uivalle                                 :S:All:                   uiva
uivana                                  :S:Ess:                   uiva
uivaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uiva
uivatta                                 :S:Abe:                   uiva
uivat                                   :P:Nom:                   uiva
uivien                                  :P:Gen:                   uiva
uivain                                  :P:Gen:                   uiva
uivia                                   :P:Par:                   uiva
uivissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uiva
uivista                                 :P:Ela:                   uiva
uiviin                                  :P:Ill:                   uiva
uivilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uiva
uivilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uiva
uiville                                 :P:All:                   uiva
uivina                                  :P:Ess:                   uiva
uiviksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uiva
uivin                                   :P:Ins:                   uiva
uivitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uiva
uivine                                  :P:Kom:                   uiva
uivelo                                  :S:Nom:                   uivelo
uivelon                                 :S:Gen:                   uivelo
uiveloa                                 :S:Par:                   uivelo
uivelossa                               :S:Ine:                   uivelo
uivelosta                               :S:Ela:                   uivelo
uiveloon                                :S:Ill:                   uivelo
uivelolla                               :S:Ade:                   uivelo
uivelolta                               :S:Abl:                   uivelo
uivelolle                               :S:All:                   uivelo
uivelona                                :S:Ess:                   uivelo
uiveloksi                               :S:Tra:                   uivelo
uivelotta                               :S:Abe:                   uivelo
uivelot                                 :P:Nom:                   uivelo
uivelojen                               :P:Gen:                   uivelo
uiveloiden                              :P:Gen:                   uivelo
uiveloitten                             :P:Gen:                   uivelo
uiveloja                                :P:Par:                   uivelo
uiveloita                               :P:Par:                   uivelo
uiveloissa                              :P:Ine:                   uivelo
uiveloista                              :P:Ela:                   uivelo
uiveloihin                              :P:Ill:                   uivelo
uiveloilla                              :P:Ade:                   uivelo
uiveloilta                              :P:Abl:                   uivelo
uiveloille                              :P:All:                   uivelo
uiveloina                               :P:Ess:                   uivelo
uiveloiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uivelo
uiveloin                                :P:Ins:                   uivelo
uiveloitta                              :P:Abe:                   uivelo
uiveloine                               :P:Kom:                   uivelo
ujellus                                 :S:Nom:                   ujellus
ujelluksen                              :S:Gen:                   ujellus
ujellusta                               :S:Par:                   ujellus
ujelluksessa                            :S:Ine:                   ujellus
ujelluksesta                            :S:Ela:                   ujellus
ujellukseen                             :S:Ill:                   ujellus
ujelluksella                            :S:Ade:                   ujellus
ujellukselta                            :S:Abl:                   ujellus
ujellukselle                            :S:All:                   ujellus
ujelluksena                             :S:Ess:                   ujellus
ujellukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ujellus
ujelluksetta                            :S:Abe:                   ujellus
ujellukset                              :P:Nom:                   ujellus
ujellusten                              :P:Gen:                   ujellus
ujelluksien                             :P:Gen:                   ujellus
ujelluksia                              :P:Par:                   ujellus
ujelluksissa                            :P:Ine:                   ujellus
ujelluksista                            :P:Ela:                   ujellus
ujelluksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ujellus
ujelluksilla                            :P:Ade:                   ujellus
ujelluksilta                            :P:Abl:                   ujellus
ujelluksille                            :P:All:                   ujellus
ujelluksina                             :P:Ess:                   ujellus
ujelluksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ujellus
ujelluksin                              :P:Ins:                   ujellus
ujelluksitta                            :P:Abe:                   ujellus
ujelluksine                             :P:Kom:                   ujellus
ujellan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujeltaa
ujellat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujeltaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujellamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujellatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujeltavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujelletaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujella                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujella                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujella                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujella                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujella                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujella                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujelleta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujelsin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ujeltaa
ujelsit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujelsi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujelsimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujelsitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujelsivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujeltanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujeltaa
ujeltanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujeltanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujeltanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujeltanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujeltanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujeltaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujeltaa
ujeltaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujeltaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujeltaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujeltaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujeltaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujella                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujeltakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujeltakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujeltakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujeltakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujella                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltaa                                 :Inf1:                    ujeltaa
ujeltaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ujeltaa
ujeltaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ujeltaa
ujellettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ujeltaa
ujeltaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ujeltaa
ujeltamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ujeltaa
ujeltamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ujeltaa
ujeltamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ujeltaa
ujeltamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ujeltaa
ujeltamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ujeltaa
ujeltaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ujeltaa
ujellettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ujeltaa
ujeltaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ujeltaa
ujeltamista                             :Inf4:Par:                ujeltaa
ujeltamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ujeltaa
ujeltava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ujeltaa
ujellettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltama                                :Cip:Age:                 ujeltaa
ujeltamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ujeltaa
ujeltanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujeltaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujeltaa
ujellettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujeltaa
ujo                                     :S:Nom:                   ujo
ujon                                    :S:Gen:                   ujo
ujoa                                    :S:Par:                   ujo
ujossa                                  :S:Ine:                   ujo
ujosta                                  :S:Ela:                   ujo
ujoon                                   :S:Ill:                   ujo
ujolla                                  :S:Ade:                   ujo
ujolta                                  :S:Abl:                   ujo
ujolle                                  :S:All:                   ujo
ujona                                   :S:Ess:                   ujo
ujoksi                                  :S:Tra:                   ujo
ujotta                                  :S:Abe:                   ujo
ujot                                    :P:Nom:                   ujo
ujojen                                  :P:Gen:                   ujo
ujoja                                   :P:Par:                   ujo
ujoissa                                 :P:Ine:                   ujo
ujoista                                 :P:Ela:                   ujo
ujoihin                                 :P:Ill:                   ujo
ujoilla                                 :P:Ade:                   ujo
ujoilta                                 :P:Abl:                   ujo
ujoille                                 :P:All:                   ujo
ujoina                                  :P:Ess:                   ujo
ujoiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   ujo
ujoin                                   :P:Ins:                   ujo
ujoitta                                 :P:Abe:                   ujo
ujoine                                  :P:Kom:                   ujo
ujoilen                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujoilla
ujoilet                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoilee                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilemme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoilette                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoilevat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoillaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoile                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilla                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoilin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ujoilla
ujoilit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoili                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoilitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoilivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoillen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujoilla
ujoillet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoillee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoillemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoillette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoillevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoille                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoilisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujoilla
ujoilisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoilisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoilisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoile                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoilkoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilkaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoilkaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoilkoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoile                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoilla                                 :Inf1:                    ujoilla
ujoillakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ujoilla
ujoillessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ujoilla
ujoiltaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ujoilla
ujoillen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ujoilla
ujoilemassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ujoilla
ujoilemasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ujoilla
ujoilemaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ujoilla
ujoilemalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ujoilla
ujoilematta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ujoilla
ujoileman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ujoilla
ujoiltaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ujoilla
ujoileminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ujoilla
ujoilemista                             :Inf4:Par:                ujoilla
ujoilemaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ujoilla
ujoileva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ujoilla
ujoiltava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoilema                                :Cip:Age:                 ujoilla
ujoilematon                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             ujoilla
ujoillut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoilleet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujoilla
ujoiltu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujoilla
ujoilu                                  :S:Nom:                   ujoilu
ujoilun                                 :S:Gen:                   ujoilu
ujoilua                                 :S:Par:                   ujoilu
ujoilussa                               :S:Ine:                   ujoilu
ujoilusta                               :S:Ela:                   ujoilu
ujoiluun                                :S:Ill:                   ujoilu
ujoilulla                               :S:Ade:                   ujoilu
ujoilulta                               :S:Abl:                   ujoilu
ujoilulle                               :S:All:                   ujoilu
ujoiluna                                :S:Ess:                   ujoilu
ujoiluksi                               :S:Tra:                   ujoilu
ujoilutta                               :S:Abe:                   ujoilu
ujoilut                                 :P:Nom:                   ujoilu
ujoilujen                               :P:Gen:                   ujoilu
ujoiluiden                              :P:Gen:                   ujoilu
ujoiluitten                             :P:Gen:                   ujoilu
ujoiluja                                :P:Par:                   ujoilu
ujoiluita                               :P:Par:                   ujoilu
ujoiluissa                              :P:Ine:                   ujoilu
ujoiluista                              :P:Ela:                   ujoilu
ujoiluihin                              :P:Ill:                   ujoilu
ujoiluilla                              :P:Ade:                   ujoilu
ujoiluilta                              :P:Abl:                   ujoilu
ujoiluille                              :P:All:                   ujoilu
ujoiluina                               :P:Ess:                   ujoilu
ujoiluiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ujoilu
ujoiluin                                :P:Ins:                   ujoilu
ujoiluitta                              :P:Abe:                   ujoilu
ujoiluine                               :P:Kom:                   ujoilu
ujostelematon                           :S:Nom:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattoman                        :S:Gen:                   ujostelematon
ujostelematonta                         :S:Par:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomassa                      :S:Ine:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomasta                      :S:Ela:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomaan                       :S:Ill:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomalla                      :S:Ade:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomalta                      :S:Abl:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomalle                      :S:All:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomana                       :S:Ess:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomaksi                      :S:Tra:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomatta                      :S:Abe:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomat                        :P:Nom:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomien                       :P:Gen:                   ujostelematon
ujostelematonten                        :P:Gen:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomia                        :P:Par:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomissa                      :P:Ine:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomista                      :P:Ela:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomiin                       :P:Ill:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomilla                      :P:Ade:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomilta                      :P:Abl:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomille                      :P:All:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomina                       :P:Ess:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomin                        :P:Ins:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomitta                      :P:Abe:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomine                       :P:Kom:                   ujostelematon
ujostelemattomuus                       :S:Nom:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuden                     :S:Gen:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuutta                     :S:Par:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuudessa                   :S:Ine:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuudesta                   :S:Ela:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuteen                    :S:Ill:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuudella                   :S:Ade:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuudelta                   :S:Abl:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuudelle                   :S:All:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuutena                    :S:Ess:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuudeksi                   :S:Tra:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuutta                     :S:Abe:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuudet                     :P:Nom:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksien                   :P:Gen:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksia                    :P:Par:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksista                  :P:Ela:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksille                  :P:All:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksina                   :P:Ess:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksin                    :P:Ins:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelemattomuuksine                   :P:Kom:                   ujostelemattomuus
ujostelen                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujostella
ujostelet                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujostelee                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelemme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostelette                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostelevat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujostellaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ujostella
ujostele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostella                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostelin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ujostella
ujostelit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujosteli                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostelitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostelivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostellen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujostella
ujostellet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujostellee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostellemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostellette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostellevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ujostella
ujostelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostelisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujostella
ujostelisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujostelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostelisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostelisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ujostella
ujostelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujostelkoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelkaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostelkaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostelkoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujostella
ujostele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujostella
ujostella                               :Inf1:                    ujostella
ujostellakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ujostella
ujostellessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ujostella
ujosteltaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ujostella
ujostellen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ujostella
ujostelemassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ujostella
ujostelemasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ujostella
ujostelemaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ujostella
ujostelemalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ujostella
ujostelematta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ujostella
ujosteleman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ujostella
ujosteltaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ujostella
ujosteleminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                ujostella
ujostelemista                           :Inf4:Par:                ujostella
ujostelemaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    ujostella
ujosteleva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ujostella
ujosteltava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ujostella
ujostellut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ujostella
ujostelema                              :Cip:Age:                 ujostella
ujostelematon                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ujostella
ujostellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujostellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ujostella
ujostellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ujostella
ujostellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ujostella
ujostellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ujostella
ujostellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostellut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ujostella
ujostellut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostella
ujostelleet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostella
ujosteltu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujostella
ujostelu                                :S:Nom:                   ujostelu
ujostelun                               :S:Gen:                   ujostelu
ujostelua                               :S:Par:                   ujostelu
ujostelussa                             :S:Ine:                   ujostelu
ujostelusta                             :S:Ela:                   ujostelu
ujosteluun                              :S:Ill:                   ujostelu
ujostelulla                             :S:Ade:                   ujostelu
ujostelulta                             :S:Abl:                   ujostelu
ujostelulle                             :S:All:                   ujostelu
ujosteluna                              :S:Ess:                   ujostelu
ujosteluksi                             :S:Tra:                   ujostelu
ujostelutta                             :S:Abe:                   ujostelu
ujostelut                               :P:Nom:                   ujostelu
ujostelujen                             :P:Gen:                   ujostelu
ujosteluiden                            :P:Gen:                   ujostelu
ujosteluitten                           :P:Gen:                   ujostelu
ujosteluja                              :P:Par:                   ujostelu
ujosteluita                             :P:Par:                   ujostelu
ujosteluissa                            :P:Ine:                   ujostelu
ujosteluista                            :P:Ela:                   ujostelu
ujosteluihin                            :P:Ill:                   ujostelu
ujosteluilla                            :P:Ade:                   ujostelu
ujosteluilta                            :P:Abl:                   ujostelu
ujosteluille                            :P:All:                   ujostelu
ujosteluina                             :P:Ess:                   ujostelu
ujosteluiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ujostelu
ujosteluin                              :P:Ins:                   ujostelu
ujosteluitta                            :P:Abe:                   ujostelu
ujosteluine                             :P:Kom:                   ujostelu
ujostutan                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujostuttaa
ujostutat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutamme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostutatte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttavat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutetaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuteta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujostutin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ujostuttaa
ujostutit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostutti                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostutitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujostuttanen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujostuta                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttakaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttakaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttakoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuta                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttaa                              :Inf1:                    ujostuttaa
ujostuttaakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ujostuttaa
ujostuttaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ujostuttaa
ujostutettaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ujostuttaa
ujostuttaen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ujostuttaa
ujostuttamassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ujostuttaa
ujostuttamasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ujostuttaa
ujostuttamaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ujostuttaa
ujostuttamalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ujostuttaa
ujostuttamatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ujostuttaa
ujostuttaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ujostuttaa
ujostutettaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ujostuttaa
ujostuttaminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ujostuttaa
ujostuttamista                          :Inf4:Par:                ujostuttaa
ujostuttamaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    ujostuttaa
ujostuttava                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ujostuttaa
ujostutettava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttama                             :Cip:Age:                 ujostuttaa
ujostuttamaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ujostuttaa
ujostuttanut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostuttaneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujostuttaa
ujostutettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujostuttaa
ujous                                   :S:Nom:                   ujous
ujouden                                 :S:Gen:                   ujous
ujoutta                                 :S:Par:                   ujous
ujoudessa                               :S:Ine:                   ujous
ujoudesta                               :S:Ela:                   ujous
ujouteen                                :S:Ill:                   ujous
ujoudella                               :S:Ade:                   ujous
ujoudelta                               :S:Abl:                   ujous
ujoudelle                               :S:All:                   ujous
ujoutena                                :S:Ess:                   ujous
ujoudeksi                               :S:Tra:                   ujous
ujoutta                                 :S:Abe:                   ujous
ujoudet                                 :P:Nom:                   ujous
ujouksien                               :P:Gen:                   ujous
ujouksia                                :P:Par:                   ujous
ujouksissa                              :P:Ine:                   ujous
ujouksista                              :P:Ela:                   ujous
ujouksiin                               :P:Ill:                   ujous
ujouksilla                              :P:Ade:                   ujous
ujouksilta                              :P:Abl:                   ujous
ujouksille                              :P:All:                   ujous
ujouksina                               :P:Ess:                   ujous
ujouksiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ujous
ujouksin                                :P:Ins:                   ujous
ujouksitta                              :P:Abe:                   ujous
ujouksine                               :P:Kom:                   ujous
ujun                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujua
ujut                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujuu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujumme                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujutte                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujuvat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujutaan                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ujua
uju                                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujua
uju                                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
uju                                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
uju                                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
uju                                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
uju                                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujua
ujuin                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ujua
ujuit                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujui                                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujuimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujuitte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujuivat                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttu                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ujua
ujunen                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujua
ujunet                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujunee                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujunemme                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujunette                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujunevat                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttaneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ujua
ujune                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujua
ujune                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
ujune                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujune                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
ujune                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
ujune                                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujua
ujuisin                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujua
ujuisit                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujuisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujuisimme                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujuisitte                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujuisivat                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttaisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             ujua
ujuisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujua
ujuisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
ujuisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujuisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
ujuisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
ujuisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujua
uju                                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujukoon                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujukaamme                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujukaa                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujukoot                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujua
uju                                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
ujuko                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujuko                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
ujuko                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
ujuko                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujua
ujua                                    :Inf1:                    ujua
ujuakseen                               :Inf1:L:                  ujua
ujuessa                                 :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ujua
ujuttaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ujua
ujuen                                   :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ujua
ujumassa                                :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ujua
ujumasta                                :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ujua
ujumaan                                 :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ujua
ujumalla                                :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ujua
ujumatta                                :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ujua
ujuman                                  :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ujua
ujuttaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ujua
ujuminen                                :Inf4:Nom:                ujua
ujumista                                :Inf4:Par:                ujua
ujumaisillaan                           :Inf5:                    ujua
ujuva                                   :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ujua
ujuttava                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ujua
ujunut                                  :Cip:Per:Akt:             ujua
ujuttu                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             ujua
ujuma                                   :Cip:Age:                 ujua
ujumaton                                :Cip:Age:Neg:             ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ujua
ujunut                                  :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ujua
ujunut                                  :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujunut                                  :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             ujua
ujunut                                  :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujua
ujunut                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ujua
ujunut                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ujua
ujunut                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             ujua
ujunut                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujua
ujunut                                  :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujua
ujunut                                  :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ujua
ujuneet                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ujua
ujuttu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             ujua
ujunut                                  :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujua
ujuneet                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujua
ujuttu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujua
ujutan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujuttaa
ujutat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujuttaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujutamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujutatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutetaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuteta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujutin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ujuttaa
ujutit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujutti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujutimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujutitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujuttanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujuttaa
ujuttanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujuttanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujuttanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujuttanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujuttaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujuttaa
ujuttaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujuttaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujuttaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujuta                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujuttakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujuttakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujuttakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuta                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttaa                                 :Inf1:                    ujuttaa
ujuttaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ujuttaa
ujuttaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ujuttaa
ujutettaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ujuttaa
ujuttaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ujuttaa
ujuttamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ujuttaa
ujuttamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ujuttaa
ujuttamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ujuttaa
ujuttamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ujuttaa
ujuttamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ujuttaa
ujuttaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ujuttaa
ujutettaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ujuttaa
ujuttaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ujuttaa
ujuttamista                             :Inf4:Par:                ujuttaa
ujuttamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ujuttaa
ujuttava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ujuttaa
ujutettava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttama                                :Cip:Age:                 ujuttaa
ujuttamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ujuttaa
ujuttanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujuttaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttaa
ujutettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujuttaa
ujuttaudun                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujuttautua
ujuttaudut                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttaudumme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttaudutte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuvat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttaudutaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujuttauduin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautui                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujuttautunen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujuttautuisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujuttaudu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautukoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttautukaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautukaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautukoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttaudu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautua                              :Inf1:                    ujuttautua
ujuttautuakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ujuttautua
ujuttautuessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ujuttautua
ujuttauduttaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ujuttautua
ujuttautuen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ujuttautua
ujuttautumassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ujuttautua
ujuttautumasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ujuttautua
ujuttautumaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ujuttautua
ujuttautumalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ujuttautua
ujuttautumatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ujuttautua
ujuttautuman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ujuttautua
ujuttauduttaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ujuttautua
ujuttautuminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ujuttautua
ujuttautumista                          :Inf4:Par:                ujuttautua
ujuttautumaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    ujuttautua
ujuttautuva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ujuttautua
ujuttauduttava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautuma                             :Cip:Age:                 ujuttautua
ujuttautumaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ujuttautua
ujuttautunut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttautuneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ujuttautua
ujuttauduttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ujuttautua
ujutus                                  :S:Nom:                   ujutus
ujutuksen                               :S:Gen:                   ujutus
ujutusta                                :S:Par:                   ujutus
ujutuksessa                             :S:Ine:                   ujutus
ujutuksesta                             :S:Ela:                   ujutus
ujutukseen                              :S:Ill:                   ujutus
ujutuksella                             :S:Ade:                   ujutus
ujutukselta                             :S:Abl:                   ujutus
ujutukselle                             :S:All:                   ujutus
ujutuksena                              :S:Ess:                   ujutus
ujutukseksi                             :S:Tra:                   ujutus
ujutuksetta                             :S:Abe:                   ujutus
ujutukset                               :P:Nom:                   ujutus
ujutusten                               :P:Gen:                   ujutus
ujutuksien                              :P:Gen:                   ujutus
ujutuksia                               :P:Par:                   ujutus
ujutuksissa                             :P:Ine:                   ujutus
ujutuksista                             :P:Ela:                   ujutus
ujutuksiin                              :P:Ill:                   ujutus
ujutuksilla                             :P:Ade:                   ujutus
ujutuksilta                             :P:Abl:                   ujutus
ujutuksille                             :P:All:                   ujutus
ujutuksina                              :P:Ess:                   ujutus
ujutuksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ujutus
ujutuksin                               :P:Ins:                   ujutus
ujutuksitta                             :P:Abe:                   ujutus
ujutuksine                              :P:Kom:                   ujutus
ukaasi                                  :S:Nom:                   ukaasi
ukaasin                                 :S:Gen:                   ukaasi
ukaasia                                 :S:Par:                   ukaasi
ukaasissa                               :S:Ine:                   ukaasi
ukaasista                               :S:Ela:                   ukaasi
ukaasiin                                :S:Ill:                   ukaasi
ukaasilla                               :S:Ade:                   ukaasi
ukaasilta                               :S:Abl:                   ukaasi
ukaasille                               :S:All:                   ukaasi
ukaasina                                :S:Ess:                   ukaasi
ukaasiksi                               :S:Tra:                   ukaasi
ukaasitta                               :S:Abe:                   ukaasi
ukaasit                                 :P:Nom:                   ukaasi
ukaasien                                :P:Gen:                   ukaasi
ukaaseiden                              :P:Gen:                   ukaasi
ukaaseitten                             :P:Gen:                   ukaasi
ukaaseja                                :P:Par:                   ukaasi
ukaaseita                               :P:Par:                   ukaasi
ukaaseissa                              :P:Ine:                   ukaasi
ukaaseista                              :P:Ela:                   ukaasi
ukaaseihin                              :P:Ill:                   ukaasi
ukaaseilla                              :P:Ade:                   ukaasi
ukaaseilta                              :P:Abl:                   ukaasi
ukaaseille                              :P:All:                   ukaasi
ukaaseina                               :P:Ess:                   ukaasi
ukaaseiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ukaasi
ukaasein                                :P:Ins:                   ukaasi
ukaaseitta                              :P:Abe:                   ukaasi
ukaaseine                               :P:Kom:                   ukaasi
ukkeli                                  :S:Nom:                   ukkeli
ukkelin                                 :S:Gen:                   ukkeli
ukkelia                                 :S:Par:                   ukkeli
ukkelissa                               :S:Ine:                   ukkeli
ukkelista                               :S:Ela:                   ukkeli
ukkeliin                                :S:Ill:                   ukkeli
ukkelilla                               :S:Ade:                   ukkeli
ukkelilta                               :S:Abl:                   ukkeli
ukkelille                               :S:All:                   ukkeli
ukkelina                                :S:Ess:                   ukkeli
ukkeliksi                               :S:Tra:                   ukkeli
ukkelitta                               :S:Abe:                   ukkeli
ukkelit                                 :P:Nom:                   ukkeli
ukkelien                                :P:Gen:                   ukkeli
ukkeleiden                              :P:Gen:                   ukkeli
ukkeleitten                             :P:Gen:                   ukkeli
ukkeleja                                :P:Par:                   ukkeli
ukkeleita                               :P:Par:                   ukkeli
ukkeleissa                              :P:Ine:                   ukkeli
ukkeleista                              :P:Ela:                   ukkeli
ukkeleihin                              :P:Ill:                   ukkeli
ukkeleilla                              :P:Ade:                   ukkeli
ukkeleilta                              :P:Abl:                   ukkeli
ukkeleille                              :P:All:                   ukkeli
ukkeleina                               :P:Ess:                   ukkeli
ukkeleiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ukkeli
ukkelein                                :P:Ins:                   ukkeli
ukkeleitta                              :P:Abe:                   ukkeli
ukkeleine                               :P:Kom:                   ukkeli
ukki                                    :S:Nom:                   ukki
ukin                                    :S:Gen:                   ukki
ukkia                                   :S:Par:                   ukki
ukissa                                  :S:Ine:                   ukki
ukista                                  :S:Ela:                   ukki
ukkiin                                  :S:Ill:                   ukki
ukilla                                  :S:Ade:                   ukki
ukilta                                  :S:Abl:                   ukki
ukille                                  :S:All:                   ukki
ukkina                                  :S:Ess:                   ukki
ukiksi                                  :S:Tra:                   ukki
ukitta                                  :S:Abe:                   ukki
ukit                                    :P:Nom:                   ukki
ukkien                                  :P:Gen:                   ukki
ukkeja                                  :P:Par:                   ukki
ukeissa                                 :P:Ine:                   ukki
ukeista                                 :P:Ela:                   ukki
ukkeihin                                :P:Ill:                   ukki
ukeilla                                 :P:Ade:                   ukki
ukeilta                                 :P:Abl:                   ukki
ukeille                                 :P:All:                   ukki
ukkeina                                 :P:Ess:                   ukki
ukeiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   ukki
ukein                                   :P:Ins:                   ukki
ukeitta                                 :P:Abe:                   ukki
ukkeine                                 :P:Kom:                   ukki
ukko                                    :S:Nom:                   ukko
ukon                                    :S:Gen:                   ukko
ukkoa                                   :S:Par:                   ukko
ukossa                                  :S:Ine:                   ukko
ukosta                                  :S:Ela:                   ukko
ukkoon                                  :S:Ill:                   ukko
ukolla                                  :S:Ade:                   ukko
ukolta                                  :S:Abl:                   ukko
ukolle                                  :S:All:                   ukko
ukkona                                  :S:Ess:                   ukko
ukoksi                                  :S:Tra:                   ukko
ukotta                                  :S:Abe:                   ukko
ukot                                    :P:Nom:                   ukko
ukkojen                                 :P:Gen:                   ukko
ukkoja                                  :P:Par:                   ukko
ukoissa                                 :P:Ine:                   ukko
ukoista                                 :P:Ela:                   ukko
ukkoihin                                :P:Ill:                   ukko
ukoilla                                 :P:Ade:                   ukko
ukoilta                                 :P:Abl:                   ukko
ukoille                                 :P:All:                   ukko
ukkoina                                 :P:Ess:                   ukko
ukoiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   ukko
ukoin                                   :P:Ins:                   ukko
ukoitta                                 :P:Abe:                   ukko
ukkoine                                 :P:Kom:                   ukko
ukkoetana                               :S:Nom:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanan                              :S:Gen:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanaa                              :S:Par:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanassa                            :S:Ine:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanasta                            :S:Ela:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanaan                             :S:Ill:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanalla                            :S:Ade:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanalta                            :S:Abl:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanalle                            :S:All:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanana                             :S:Ess:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanatta                            :S:Abe:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanat                              :P:Nom:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoiden                           :P:Gen:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoitten                          :P:Gen:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanain                             :P:Gen:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoita                            :P:Par:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoista                           :P:Ela:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoille                           :P:All:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoina                            :P:Ess:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoin                             :P:Ins:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ukkoetana
ukkoetanoine                            :P:Kom:                   ukkoetana
ukkohousu                               :S:Nom:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousun                              :S:Gen:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousua                              :S:Par:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousussa                            :S:Ine:                   ukkohousut
ukkohoususta                            :S:Ela:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuun                             :S:Ill:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousulla                            :S:Ade:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousulta                            :S:Abl:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousulle                            :S:All:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuna                             :S:Ess:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuksi                            :S:Tra:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousutta                            :S:Abe:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousut                              :P:Nom:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousujen                            :P:Gen:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuja                             :P:Par:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuissa                           :P:Ine:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuista                           :P:Ela:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuihin                           :P:Ill:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuilla                           :P:Ade:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuilta                           :P:Abl:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuille                           :P:All:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuina                            :P:Ess:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuin                             :P:Ins:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuitta                           :P:Abe:                   ukkohousut
ukkohousuine                            :P:Kom:                   ukkohousut
ukkoikä                                 :S:Nom:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiän                                 :S:Gen:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikää                                :S:Par:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiässä                               :S:Ine:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiästä                               :S:Ela:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikään                               :S:Ill:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiällä                               :S:Ade:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiältä                               :S:Abl:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiälle                               :S:All:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikänä                               :S:Ess:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiäksi                               :S:Tra:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiättä                               :S:Abe:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiät                                 :P:Nom:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikien                               :P:Gen:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikäin                               :P:Gen:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikiä                                :P:Par:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiissä                               :P:Ine:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiistä                               :P:Ela:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikiin                               :P:Ill:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiillä                               :P:Ade:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiiltä                               :P:Abl:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiille                               :P:All:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikinä                               :P:Ess:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiin                                 :P:Ins:                   ukkoikä
ukkoiittä                               :P:Abe:                   ukkoikä
ukkoikine                               :P:Kom:                   ukkoikä
ukkometso                               :S:Nom:                   ukkometso
ukkometson                              :S:Gen:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoa                              :S:Par:                   ukkometso
ukkometsossa                            :S:Ine:                   ukkometso
ukkometsosta                            :S:Ela:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoon                             :S:Ill:                   ukkometso
ukkometsolla                            :S:Ade:                   ukkometso
ukkometsolta                            :S:Abl:                   ukkometso
ukkometsolle                            :S:All:                   ukkometso
ukkometsona                             :S:Ess:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoksi                            :S:Tra:                   ukkometso
ukkometsotta                            :S:Abe:                   ukkometso
ukkometsot                              :P:Nom:                   ukkometso
ukkometsojen                            :P:Gen:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoja                             :P:Par:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoista                           :P:Ela:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoille                           :P:All:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoina                            :P:Ess:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoin                             :P:Ins:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ukkometso
ukkometsoine                            :P:Kom:                   ukkometso
ukkomies                                :S:Nom:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehen                              :S:Gen:                   ukkomies
ukkomiestä                              :S:Par:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehessä                            :S:Ine:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehestä                            :S:Ela:                   ukkomies
ukkomieheen                             :S:Ill:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehellä                            :S:Ade:                   ukkomies
ukkomieheltä                            :S:Abl:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehelle                            :S:All:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehenä                             :S:Ess:                   ukkomies
ukkomieheksi                            :S:Tra:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehettä                            :S:Abe:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehet                              :P:Nom:                   ukkomies
ukkomiesten                             :P:Gen:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehien                             :P:Gen:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehiä                              :P:Par:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehissä                            :P:Ine:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehistä                            :P:Ela:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehiin                             :P:Ill:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehillä                            :P:Ade:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehille                            :P:All:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehinä                             :P:Ess:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehin                              :P:Ins:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehittä                            :P:Abe:                   ukkomies
ukkomiehine                             :P:Kom:                   ukkomies
ukkonen                                 :S:Nom:                   ukkonen
ukkosen                                 :S:Gen:                   ukkonen
ukkosta                                 :S:Par:                   ukkonen
ukkosessa                               :S:Ine:                   ukkonen
ukkosesta                               :S:Ela:                   ukkonen
ukkoseen                                :S:Ill:                   ukkonen
ukkosella                               :S:Ade:                   ukkonen
ukkoselta                               :S:Abl:                   ukkonen
ukkoselle                               :S:All:                   ukkonen
ukkosena                                :S:Ess:                   ukkonen
ukkoseksi                               :S:Tra:                   ukkonen
ukkosetta                               :S:Abe:                   ukkonen
ukkoset                                 :P:Nom:                   ukkonen
ukkosten                                :P:Gen:                   ukkonen
ukkosin                                 :P:Gen:                   ukkonen
ukkosia                                 :P:Par:                   ukkonen
ukkosissa                               :P:Ine:                   ukkonen
ukkosista                               :P:Ela:                   ukkonen
ukkosiin                                :P:Ill:                   ukkonen
ukkosilla                               :P:Ade:                   ukkonen
ukkosilta                               :P:Abl:                   ukkonen
ukkosille                               :P:All:                   ukkonen
ukkosina                                :P:Ess:                   ukkonen
ukkosiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ukkonen
ukkosin                                 :P:Ins:                   ukkonen
ukkositta                               :P:Abe:                   ukkonen
ukkosine                                :P:Kom:                   ukkonen
ukkoonnun                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnut                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnumme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnutte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuvat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnutaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoonnu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkoonnuin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontui                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkoontunen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkoontuisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkoonnu                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontukoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoontukaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontukaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontukoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoonnu                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontua                               :Inf1:                    ukkoontua
ukkoontuakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ukkoontua
ukkoontuessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ukkoontua
ukkoontuen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ukkoontua
ukkoontumassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ukkoontua
ukkoontumasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ukkoontua
ukkoontumaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ukkoontua
ukkoontumalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ukkoontua
ukkoontumatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ukkoontua
ukkoontuman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ukkoontua
ukkoontuminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                ukkoontua
ukkoontumista                           :Inf4:Par:                ukkoontua
ukkoontumaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    ukkoontua
ukkoontuva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontuma                              :Cip:Age:                 ukkoontua
ukkoontumaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ukkoontua
ukkoontunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoontuneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoontua
ukkoonnuttu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkoontua
ukkosenilma                             :S:Nom:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilman                            :S:Gen:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmaa                            :S:Par:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmassa                          :S:Ine:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmasta                          :S:Ela:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmaan                           :S:Ill:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmalla                          :S:Ade:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmalta                          :S:Abl:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmalle                          :S:All:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmana                           :S:Ess:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmatta                          :S:Abe:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmat                            :P:Nom:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmojen                          :P:Gen:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmain                           :P:Gen:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoja                           :P:Par:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoista                         :P:Ela:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoille                         :P:All:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoina                          :P:Ess:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoin                           :P:Ins:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenilmoine                          :P:Kom:                   ukkosenilma
ukkosenjohdatin                         :S:Nom:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimen                      :S:Gen:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdatinta                       :S:Par:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimessa                    :S:Ine:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimesta                    :S:Ela:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimeen                     :S:Ill:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimella                    :S:Ade:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimelta                    :S:Abl:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimelle                    :S:All:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimena                     :S:Ess:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimeksi                    :S:Tra:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimetta                    :S:Abe:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimet                      :P:Nom:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimien                     :P:Gen:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdatinten                      :P:Gen:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimia                      :P:Par:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimissa                    :P:Ine:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimista                    :P:Ela:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimiin                     :P:Ill:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimilla                    :P:Ade:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimilta                    :P:Abl:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimille                    :P:All:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimina                     :P:Ess:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimin                      :P:Ins:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimitta                    :P:Abe:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjohdattimine                     :P:Kom:                   ukkosenjohdatin
ukkosenjyrinä                           :S:Nom:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinän                          :S:Gen:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinää                          :S:Par:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinässä                        :S:Ine:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinästä                        :S:Ela:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinään                         :S:Ill:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinällä                        :S:Ade:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinältä                        :S:Abl:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinälle                        :S:All:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinänä                         :S:Ess:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinäksi                        :S:Tra:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinättä                        :S:Abe:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinät                          :P:Nom:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöiden                       :P:Gen:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöitten                      :P:Gen:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinäin                         :P:Gen:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöitä                        :P:Par:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöissä                       :P:Ine:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöistä                       :P:Ela:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöihin                       :P:Ill:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöillä                       :P:Ade:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöille                       :P:All:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöinä                        :P:Ess:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöin                         :P:Ins:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöittä                       :P:Abe:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrinöine                        :P:Kom:                   ukkosenjyrinä
ukkosenjyrähdys                         :S:Nom:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksen                      :S:Gen:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdystä                       :S:Par:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksessä                    :S:Ine:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksestä                    :S:Ela:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdykseen                     :S:Ill:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksellä                    :S:Ade:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdykseltä                    :S:Abl:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdykselle                    :S:All:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksenä                     :S:Ess:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdykseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksettä                    :S:Abe:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdykset                      :P:Nom:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdysten                      :P:Gen:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksien                     :P:Gen:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksiä                      :P:Par:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksissä                    :P:Ine:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksistä                    :P:Ela:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksillä                    :P:Ade:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksille                    :P:All:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksinä                     :P:Ess:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksin                      :P:Ins:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksittä                    :P:Abe:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosenjyrähdyksine                     :P:Kom:                   ukkosenjyrähdys
ukkosilma                               :S:Nom:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilman                              :S:Gen:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmaa                              :S:Par:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmassa                            :S:Ine:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmasta                            :S:Ela:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmaan                             :S:Ill:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmalla                            :S:Ade:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmalta                            :S:Abl:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmalle                            :S:All:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmana                             :S:Ess:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmatta                            :S:Abe:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmat                              :P:Nom:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmojen                            :P:Gen:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmain                             :P:Gen:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoja                             :P:Par:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoista                           :P:Ela:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoille                           :P:All:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoina                            :P:Ess:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoin                             :P:Ins:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ukkosilma
ukkosilmoine                            :P:Kom:                   ukkosilma
ukkoskuuro                              :S:Nom:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuron                             :S:Gen:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroa                             :S:Par:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurossa                           :S:Ine:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurosta                           :S:Ela:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroon                            :S:Ill:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurolla                           :S:Ade:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurolta                           :S:Abl:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurolle                           :S:All:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurona                            :S:Ess:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroksi                           :S:Tra:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurotta                           :S:Abe:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurot                             :P:Nom:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuurojen                           :P:Gen:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroja                            :P:Par:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroissa                          :P:Ine:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroista                          :P:Ela:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroihin                          :P:Ill:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroilla                          :P:Ade:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroilta                          :P:Abl:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroille                          :P:All:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroina                           :P:Ess:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroin                            :P:Ins:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroitta                          :P:Abe:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkoskuuroine                           :P:Kom:                   ukkoskuuro
ukkosluonteinen                         :S:Nom:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisen                         :S:Gen:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteista                         :S:Par:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisessa                       :S:Ine:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisesta                       :S:Ela:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteiseen                        :S:Ill:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisella                       :S:Ade:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteiselta                       :S:Abl:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteiselle                       :S:All:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisena                        :S:Ess:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisetta                       :S:Abe:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteiset                         :P:Nom:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisten                        :P:Gen:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisin                         :P:Gen:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisia                         :P:Par:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisissa                       :P:Ine:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisista                       :P:Ela:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisilla                       :P:Ade:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisilta                       :P:Abl:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisille                       :P:All:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisina                        :P:Ess:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisin                         :P:Ins:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisitta                       :P:Abe:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosluonteisine                        :P:Kom:                   ukkosluonteinen
ukkosmyrsky                             :S:Nom:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyn                            :S:Gen:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyä                            :S:Par:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyssä                          :S:Ine:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskystä                          :S:Ela:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyyn                           :S:Ill:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyllä                          :S:Ade:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyltä                          :S:Abl:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskylle                          :S:All:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskynä                           :S:Ess:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyksi                          :S:Tra:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyttä                          :S:Abe:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyt                            :P:Nom:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyjen                          :P:Gen:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyjä                           :P:Par:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyissä                         :P:Ine:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyistä                         :P:Ela:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyihin                         :P:Ill:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyillä                         :P:Ade:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyille                         :P:All:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyinä                          :P:Ess:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyin                           :P:Ins:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyittä                         :P:Abe:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkosmyrskyine                          :P:Kom:                   ukkosmyrsky
ukkospilvi                              :S:Nom:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilven                             :S:Gen:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilveä                             :S:Par:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvessä                           :S:Ine:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvestä                           :S:Ela:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilveen                            :S:Ill:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvellä                           :S:Ade:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilveltä                           :S:Abl:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvelle                           :S:All:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvenä                            :S:Ess:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilveksi                           :S:Tra:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvettä                           :S:Abe:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvet                             :P:Nom:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvien                            :P:Gen:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilviä                             :P:Par:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvissä                           :P:Ine:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvistä                           :P:Ela:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilviin                            :P:Ill:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvillä                           :P:Ade:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilviltä                           :P:Abl:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilville                           :P:All:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvinä                            :P:Ess:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilviksi                           :P:Tra:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvin                             :P:Ins:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvittä                           :P:Abe:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospilvine                            :P:Kom:                   ukkospilvi
ukkospuuska                             :S:Nom:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskan                            :S:Gen:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskaa                            :S:Par:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskassa                          :S:Ine:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskasta                          :S:Ela:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskaan                           :S:Ill:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskalla                          :S:Ade:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskalta                          :S:Abl:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskalle                          :S:All:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskana                           :S:Ess:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskatta                          :S:Abe:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskat                            :P:Nom:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskien                           :P:Gen:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskain                           :P:Gen:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskia                            :P:Par:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskissa                          :P:Ine:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskista                          :P:Ela:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskiin                           :P:Ill:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskilla                          :P:Ade:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskilta                          :P:Abl:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskille                          :P:All:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskina                           :P:Ess:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskin                            :P:Ins:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskitta                          :P:Abe:                   ukkospuuska
ukkospuuskine                           :P:Kom:                   ukkospuuska
ukkosrintama                            :S:Nom:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintaman                           :S:Gen:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamaa                           :S:Par:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamassa                         :S:Ine:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamasta                         :S:Ela:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamaan                          :S:Ill:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamalla                         :S:Ade:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamalta                         :S:Abl:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamalle                         :S:All:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamana                          :S:Ess:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamatta                         :S:Abe:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamat                           :P:Nom:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamien                          :P:Gen:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamain                          :P:Gen:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamia                           :P:Par:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamissa                         :P:Ine:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamista                         :P:Ela:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamiin                          :P:Ill:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamilla                         :P:Ade:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamilta                         :P:Abl:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamille                         :P:All:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamina                          :P:Ess:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamin                           :P:Ins:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamitta                         :P:Abe:                   ukkosrintama
ukkosrintamine                          :P:Kom:                   ukkosrintama
ukkossade                               :S:Nom:                   ukkossade
ukkossateen                             :S:Gen:                   ukkossade
ukkossadetta                            :S:Par:                   ukkossade
ukkossateessa                           :S:Ine:                   ukkossade
ukkossateesta                           :S:Ela:                   ukkossade
ukkossateeseen                          :S:Ill:                   ukkossade
ukkossateella                           :S:Ade:                   ukkossade
ukkossateelta                           :S:Abl:                   ukkossade
ukkossateelle                           :S:All:                   ukkossade
ukkossateena                            :S:Ess:                   ukkossade
ukkossateeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ukkossade
ukkossateetta                           :S:Abe:                   ukkossade
ukkossateet                             :P:Nom:                   ukkossade
ukkossateiden                           :P:Gen:                   ukkossade
ukkossadeitten                          :P:Gen:                   ukkossade
ukkossateita                            :P:Par:                   ukkossade
ukkossateissa                           :P:Ine:                   ukkossade
ukkossateista                           :P:Ela:                   ukkossade
ukkossateisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ukkossade
ukkossateihin                           :P:Ill:                   ukkossade
ukkossateilla                           :P:Ade:                   ukkossade
ukkossateilta                           :P:Abl:                   ukkossade
ukkossateille                           :P:All:                   ukkossade
ukkossateina                            :P:Ess:                   ukkossade
ukkossateiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ukkossade
ukkossatein                             :P:Ins:                   ukkossade
ukkossateitta                           :P:Abe:                   ukkossade
ukkossateine                            :P:Kom:                   ukkossade
ukkostan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkostaa
ukkostat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkostaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkosta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkosta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkosta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkosta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkosta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkosta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkosteta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkostin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ukkostaa
ukkostit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkosti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkostanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkostaa
ukkostanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkostanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkostaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkostaa
ukkostaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkostaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkosta                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkostakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkosta                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostaa                                :Inf1:                    ukkostaa
ukkostaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ukkostaa
ukkostaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ukkostaa
ukkostettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ukkostaa
ukkostaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ukkostaa
ukkostamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ukkostaa
ukkostamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ukkostaa
ukkostamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ukkostaa
ukkostamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ukkostaa
ukkostamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ukkostaa
ukkostaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ukkostaa
ukkostettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ukkostaa
ukkostaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ukkostaa
ukkostamista                            :Inf4:Par:                ukkostaa
ukkostamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ukkostaa
ukkostava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ukkostaa
ukkostettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostama                               :Cip:Age:                 ukkostaa
ukkostamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ukkostaa
ukkostanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkostaa
ukkostettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkostaa
ukkoteeri                               :S:Nom:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteeren                              :S:Gen:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteertä                              :S:Par:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteeressä                            :S:Ine:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerestä                            :S:Ela:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteereen                             :S:Ill:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerellä                            :S:Ade:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteereltä                            :S:Abl:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerelle                            :S:All:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerenä                             :S:Ess:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteereksi                            :S:Tra:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerettä                            :S:Abe:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteeret                              :P:Nom:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerten                             :P:Gen:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerien                             :P:Gen:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteeriä                              :P:Par:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerissä                            :P:Ine:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteeristä                            :P:Ela:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteeriin                             :P:Ill:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerillä                            :P:Ade:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteeriltä                            :P:Abl:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerille                            :P:All:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerinä                             :P:Ess:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteeriksi                            :P:Tra:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerin                              :P:Ins:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerittä                            :P:Abe:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoteerine                             :P:Kom:                   ukkoteeri
ukkoudun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkoutua
ukkoudut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoudumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkoudutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkoudutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkouduin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ukkoutua
ukkouduit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkouduitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkoutunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkoutuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkoudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoutukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutua                                :Inf1:                    ukkoutua
ukkoutuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ukkoutua
ukkoutuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ukkoutua
ukkouduttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ukkoutua
ukkoutuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ukkoutua
ukkoutumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ukkoutua
ukkoutumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ukkoutua
ukkoutumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ukkoutua
ukkoutumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ukkoutua
ukkoutumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ukkoutua
ukkoutuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ukkoutua
ukkouduttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ukkoutua
ukkoutuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ukkoutua
ukkoutumista                            :Inf4:Par:                ukkoutua
ukkoutumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ukkoutua
ukkoutuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ukkoutua
ukkouduttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutuma                               :Cip:Age:                 ukkoutua
ukkoutumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ukkoutua
ukkoutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkoutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukkoutua
ukkouduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukkoutua
ukkovarvas                              :S:Nom:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaan                             :S:Gen:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarvasta                            :S:Par:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaassa                           :S:Ine:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaasta                           :S:Ela:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaaseen                          :S:Ill:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaalla                           :S:Ade:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaalta                           :S:Abl:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaalle                           :S:All:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaana                            :S:Ess:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaatta                           :S:Abe:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaat                             :P:Nom:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaiden                           :P:Gen:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarvaitten                          :P:Gen:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaita                            :P:Par:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaissa                           :P:Ine:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaista                           :P:Ela:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpailla                           :P:Ade:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpailta                           :P:Abl:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaille                           :P:All:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaina                            :P:Ess:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpain                             :P:Ins:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaitta                           :P:Abe:                   ukkovarvas
ukkovarpaine                            :P:Kom:                   ukkovarvas
ukonhattu                               :S:Nom:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatun                               :S:Gen:                   ukonhattu
ukonhattua                              :S:Par:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatussa                             :S:Ine:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatusta                             :S:Ela:                   ukonhattu
ukonhattuun                             :S:Ill:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatulla                             :S:Ade:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatulta                             :S:Abl:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatulle                             :S:All:                   ukonhattu
ukonhattuna                             :S:Ess:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuksi                             :S:Tra:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatutta                             :S:Abe:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatut                               :P:Nom:                   ukonhattu
ukonhattujen                            :P:Gen:                   ukonhattu
ukonhattuja                             :P:Par:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuissa                            :P:Ine:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuista                            :P:Ela:                   ukonhattu
ukonhattuihin                           :P:Ill:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuilla                            :P:Ade:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuilta                            :P:Abl:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuille                            :P:All:                   ukonhattu
ukonhattuina                            :P:Ess:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuin                              :P:Ins:                   ukonhattu
ukonhatuitta                            :P:Abe:                   ukonhattu
ukonhattuine                            :P:Kom:                   ukonhattu
ukonilma                                :S:Nom:                   ukonilma
ukonilman                               :S:Gen:                   ukonilma
ukonilmaa                               :S:Par:                   ukonilma
ukonilmassa                             :S:Ine:                   ukonilma
ukonilmasta                             :S:Ela:                   ukonilma
ukonilmaan                              :S:Ill:                   ukonilma
ukonilmalla                             :S:Ade:                   ukonilma
ukonilmalta                             :S:Abl:                   ukonilma
ukonilmalle                             :S:All:                   ukonilma
ukonilmana                              :S:Ess:                   ukonilma
ukonilmaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ukonilma
ukonilmatta                             :S:Abe:                   ukonilma
ukonilmat                               :P:Nom:                   ukonilma
ukonilmojen                             :P:Gen:                   ukonilma
ukonilmain                              :P:Gen:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoja                              :P:Par:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoista                            :P:Ela:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoille                            :P:All:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoina                             :P:Ess:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoin                              :P:Ins:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ukonilma
ukonilmoine                             :P:Kom:                   ukonilma
ukonkorento                             :S:Nom:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennon                            :S:Gen:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorentoa                            :S:Par:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennossa                          :S:Ine:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennosta                          :S:Ela:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorentoon                           :S:Ill:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennolla                          :S:Ade:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennolta                          :S:Abl:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennolle                          :S:All:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorentona                           :S:Ess:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoksi                          :S:Tra:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennotta                          :S:Abe:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennot                            :P:Nom:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorentojen                          :P:Gen:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorentoja                           :P:Par:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoista                         :P:Ela:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorentoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoille                         :P:All:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorentoina                          :P:Ess:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoin                           :P:Ins:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorennoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ukonkorento
ukonkorentoine                          :P:Kom:                   ukonkorento
ukonköriläs                             :S:Nom:                   ukonköriläs
ukonkörilään                            :S:Gen:                   ukonköriläs
ukonkörilästä                           :S:Par:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläässä                          :S:Ine:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläästä                          :S:Ela:                   ukonköriläs
ukonkörilääseen                         :S:Ill:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläällä                          :S:Ade:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläältä                          :S:Abl:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläälle                          :S:All:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläänä                           :S:Ess:                   ukonköriläs
ukonkörilääksi                          :S:Tra:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläättä                          :S:Abe:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläät                            :P:Nom:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläiden                          :P:Gen:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläitten                         :P:Gen:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläitä                           :P:Par:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläissä                          :P:Ine:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläistä                          :P:Ela:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläillä                          :P:Ade:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläille                          :P:All:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläinä                           :P:Ess:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläin                            :P:Ins:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläittä                          :P:Abe:                   ukonköriläs
ukonköriläine                           :P:Kom:                   ukonköriläs
ukonnauris                              :S:Nom:                   ukonnauris
ukonnaurian                             :S:Gen:                   ukonnauris
ukonnaurista                            :S:Par:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriassa                           :S:Ine:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriasta                           :S:Ela:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriaseen                          :S:Ill:                   ukonnauris
ukonnaurialla                           :S:Ade:                   ukonnauris
ukonnaurialta                           :S:Abl:                   ukonnauris
ukonnaurialle                           :S:All:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriana                            :S:Ess:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriatta                           :S:Abe:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriat                             :P:Nom:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriiden                           :P:Gen:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriitten                          :P:Gen:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriita                            :P:Par:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriissa                           :P:Ine:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriista                           :P:Ela:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriilla                           :P:Ade:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriilta                           :P:Abl:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriille                           :P:All:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriina                            :P:Ess:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriin                             :P:Ins:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriitta                           :P:Abe:                   ukonnauris
ukonnauriine                            :P:Kom:                   ukonnauris
ukonpalko                               :S:Nom:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalon                               :S:Gen:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalkoa                              :S:Par:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalossa                             :S:Ine:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalosta                             :S:Ela:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalkoon                             :S:Ill:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalolla                             :S:Ade:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalolta                             :S:Abl:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalolle                             :S:All:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalkona                             :S:Ess:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloksi                             :S:Tra:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalotta                             :S:Abe:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalot                               :P:Nom:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalkojen                            :P:Gen:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalkoja                             :P:Par:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloissa                            :P:Ine:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloista                            :P:Ela:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloilla                            :P:Ade:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloilta                            :P:Abl:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloille                            :P:All:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalkoina                            :P:Ess:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloin                              :P:Ins:                   ukonpalko
ukonpaloitta                            :P:Abe:                   ukonpalko
ukonpalkoine                            :P:Kom:                   ukonpalko
ukonputki                               :S:Nom:                   ukonputki
ukonputken                              :S:Gen:                   ukonputki
ukonputkea                              :S:Par:                   ukonputki
ukonputkessa                            :S:Ine:                   ukonputki
ukonputkesta                            :S:Ela:                   ukonputki
ukonputkeen                             :S:Ill:                   ukonputki
ukonputkella                            :S:Ade:                   ukonputki
ukonputkelta                            :S:Abl:                   ukonputki
ukonputkelle                            :S:All:                   ukonputki
ukonputkena                             :S:Ess:                   ukonputki
ukonputkeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ukonputki
ukonputketta                            :S:Abe:                   ukonputki
ukonputket                              :P:Nom:                   ukonputki
ukonputkien                             :P:Gen:                   ukonputki
ukonputkia                              :P:Par:                   ukonputki
ukonputkissa                            :P:Ine:                   ukonputki
ukonputkista                            :P:Ela:                   ukonputki
ukonputkiin                             :P:Ill:                   ukonputki
ukonputkilla                            :P:Ade:                   ukonputki
ukonputkilta                            :P:Abl:                   ukonputki
ukonputkille                            :P:All:                   ukonputki
ukonputkina                             :P:Ess:                   ukonputki
ukonputkiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ukonputki
ukonputkin                              :P:Ins:                   ukonputki
ukonputkitta                            :P:Abe:                   ukonputki
ukonputkine                             :P:Kom:                   ukonputki
ukonsieni                               :S:Nom:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienen                              :S:Gen:                   ukonsieni
ukonsientä                              :S:Par:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienessä                            :S:Ine:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienestä                            :S:Ela:                   ukonsieni
ukonsieneen                             :S:Ill:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienellä                            :S:Ade:                   ukonsieni
ukonsieneltä                            :S:Abl:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienelle                            :S:All:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienenä                             :S:Ess:                   ukonsieni
ukonsieneksi                            :S:Tra:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienettä                            :S:Abe:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienet                              :P:Nom:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienten                             :P:Gen:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienien                             :P:Gen:                   ukonsieni
ukonsieniä                              :P:Par:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienissä                            :P:Ine:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienistä                            :P:Ela:                   ukonsieni
ukonsieniin                             :P:Ill:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienillä                            :P:Ade:                   ukonsieni
ukonsieniltä                            :P:Abl:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienille                            :P:All:                   ukonsieni
ukonsieninä                             :P:Ess:                   ukonsieni
ukonsieniksi                            :P:Tra:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienin                              :P:Ins:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienittä                            :P:Abe:                   ukonsieni
ukonsienine                             :P:Kom:                   ukonsieni
ukotun                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukottua
ukotut                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottuu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukotumme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukotutte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottuvat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotutaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ukottua
ukotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukottua
ukotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukotuin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ukottua
ukotuit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottui                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukotuimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukotuitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottuivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukottunen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukottua
ukottunet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottunee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukottunemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukottunette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottunevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ukottua
ukottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukottuisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ukottua
ukottuisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukottuisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukottuisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottuisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ukottua
ukottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukotu                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottukoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukottukaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukottukaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottukoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ukottua
ukotu                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ukottua
ukottua                                 :Inf1:                    ukottua
ukottuakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ukottua
ukottuessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ukottua
ukotuttaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ukottua
ukottuen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ukottua
ukottumassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ukottua
ukottumasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ukottua
ukottumaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ukottua
ukottumalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ukottua
ukottumatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ukottua
ukottuman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ukottua
ukotuttaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ukottua
ukottuminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ukottua
ukottumista                             :Inf4:Par:                ukottua
ukottumaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ukottua
ukottuva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ukottua
ukotuttava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ukottua
ukottunut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ukottua
ukottuma                                :Cip:Age:                 ukottua
ukottumaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ukottua
ukottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ukottua
ukottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ukottua
ukottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ukottua
ukottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ukottua
ukottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukottunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ukottua
ukottunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ukottua
ukottuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ukottua
ukotuttu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ukottua
ukraina                                 :S:Nom:                   ukraina
ukrainan                                :S:Gen:                   ukraina
ukrainaa                                :S:Par:                   ukraina
ukrainassa                              :S:Ine:                   ukraina
ukrainasta                              :S:Ela:                   ukraina
ukrainaan                               :S:Ill:                   ukraina
ukrainalla                              :S:Ade:                   ukraina
ukrainalta                              :S:Abl:                   ukraina
ukrainalle                              :S:All:                   ukraina
ukrainana                               :S:Ess:                   ukraina
ukrainaksi                              :S:Tra:                   ukraina
ukrainatta                              :S:Abe:                   ukraina
ukrainat                                :P:Nom:                   ukraina
ukrainoiden                             :P:Gen:                   ukraina
ukrainoitten                            :P:Gen:                   ukraina
ukrainojen                              :P:Gen:                   ukraina
ukrainain                               :P:Gen:                   ukraina
ukrainoita                              :P:Par:                   ukraina
ukrainoja                               :P:Par:                   ukraina
ukrainoissa                             :P:Ine:                   ukraina
ukrainoista                             :P:Ela:                   ukraina
ukrainoihin                             :P:Ill:                   ukraina
ukrainoilla                             :P:Ade:                   ukraina
ukrainoilta                             :P:Abl:                   ukraina
ukrainoille                             :P:All:                   ukraina
ukrainoina                              :P:Ess:                   ukraina
ukrainoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ukraina
ukrainoin                               :P:Ins:                   ukraina
ukrainoitta                             :P:Abe:                   ukraina
ukrainoine                              :P:Kom:                   ukraina
ukrainalainen                           :S:Nom:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisen                           :S:Gen:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaista                           :S:Par:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisella                         :S:Ade:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaiselle                         :S:All:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisena                          :S:Ess:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaiset                           :P:Nom:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisten                          :P:Gen:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisin                           :P:Gen:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisia                           :P:Par:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisista                         :P:Ela:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisille                         :P:All:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisina                          :P:Ess:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisin                           :P:Ins:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainalaisine                          :P:Kom:                   ukrainalainen
ukrainan kieli                          :S:Nom:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielen                         :S:Gen:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieltä                         :S:Par:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielessä                       :S:Ine:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielestä                       :S:Ela:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieleen                        :S:Ill:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielellä                       :S:Ade:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieleltä                       :S:Abl:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielelle                       :S:All:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielenä                        :S:Ess:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieleksi                       :S:Tra:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielettä                       :S:Abe:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielet                         :P:Nom:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielten                        :P:Gen:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielien                        :P:Gen:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieliä                         :P:Par:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielissä                       :P:Ine:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielistä                       :P:Ela:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieliin                        :P:Ill:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielillä                       :P:Ade:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieliltä                       :P:Abl:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielille                       :P:All:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielinä                        :P:Ess:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieliksi                       :P:Tra:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielin                         :P:Ins:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kielittä                       :P:Abe:                   ukrainan kieli
ukrainan kieline                        :P:Kom:                   ukrainan kieli
uksi                                    :S:Nom:                   uksi
uksen                                   :S:Gen:                   uksi
uksea                                   :S:Par:                   uksi
uksessa                                 :S:Ine:                   uksi
uksesta                                 :S:Ela:                   uksi
ukseen                                  :S:Ill:                   uksi
uksella                                 :S:Ade:                   uksi
ukselta                                 :S:Abl:                   uksi
ukselle                                 :S:All:                   uksi
uksena                                  :S:Ess:                   uksi
ukseksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uksi
uksetta                                 :S:Abe:                   uksi
ukset                                   :P:Nom:                   uksi
uksien                                  :P:Gen:                   uksi
uksia                                   :P:Par:                   uksi
uksissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uksi
uksista                                 :P:Ela:                   uksi
uksiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uksi
uksilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uksi
uksilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uksi
uksille                                 :P:All:                   uksi
uksina                                  :P:Ess:                   uksi
uksiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uksi
uksin                                   :P:Ins:                   uksi
uksitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uksi
uksine                                  :P:Kom:                   uksi
upsi                                    :S:Nom:                   uksi
upsen                                   :S:Gen:                   uksi
usta                                    :S:Par:                   uksi
upsessa                                 :S:Ine:                   uksi
upsesta                                 :S:Ela:                   uksi
upseen                                  :S:Ill:                   uksi
upsella                                 :S:Ade:                   uksi
upselta                                 :S:Abl:                   uksi
upselle                                 :S:All:                   uksi
upsena                                  :S:Ess:                   uksi
upseksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uksi
upsetta                                 :S:Abe:                   uksi
upset                                   :P:Nom:                   uksi
usten                                   :P:Gen:                   uksi
upsien                                  :P:Gen:                   uksi
upsia                                   :P:Par:                   uksi
upsissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uksi
upsista                                 :P:Ela:                   uksi
upsiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uksi
upsilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uksi
upsilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uksi
upsille                                 :P:All:                   uksi
upsina                                  :P:Ess:                   uksi
upsiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uksi
upsin                                   :P:Ins:                   uksi
upsitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uksi
upsine                                  :P:Kom:                   uksi
ukulele                                 :S:Nom:                   ukulele
ukulelen                                :S:Gen:                   ukulele
ukulelea                                :S:Par:                   ukulele
ukulelessa                              :S:Ine:                   ukulele
ukulelesta                              :S:Ela:                   ukulele
ukuleleen                               :S:Ill:                   ukulele
ukulelella                              :S:Ade:                   ukulele
ukulelelta                              :S:Abl:                   ukulele
ukulelelle                              :S:All:                   ukulele
ukulelena                               :S:Ess:                   ukulele
ukuleleksi                              :S:Tra:                   ukulele
ukuleletta                              :S:Abe:                   ukulele
ukulelet                                :P:Nom:                   ukulele
ukulelejen                              :P:Gen:                   ukulele
ukulelein                               :P:Gen:                   ukulele
ukuleleja                               :P:Par:                   ukulele
ukuleleissa                             :P:Ine:                   ukulele
ukuleleista                             :P:Ela:                   ukulele
ukuleleihin                             :P:Ill:                   ukulele
ukuleleilla                             :P:Ade:                   ukulele
ukuleleilta                             :P:Abl:                   ukulele
ukuleleille                             :P:All:                   ukulele
ukuleleina                              :P:Ess:                   ukulele
ukuleleiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ukulele
ukulelein                               :P:Ins:                   ukulele
ukuleleitta                             :P:Abe:                   ukulele
ukuleleine                              :P:Kom:                   ukulele
ukuli                                   :S:Nom:                   ukuli
ukulin                                  :S:Gen:                   ukuli
ukulia                                  :S:Par:                   ukuli
ukulissa                                :S:Ine:                   ukuli
ukulista                                :S:Ela:                   ukuli
ukuliin                                 :S:Ill:                   ukuli
ukulilla                                :S:Ade:                   ukuli
ukulilta                                :S:Abl:                   ukuli
ukulille                                :S:All:                   ukuli
ukulina                                 :S:Ess:                   ukuli
ukuliksi                                :S:Tra:                   ukuli
ukulitta                                :S:Abe:                   ukuli
ukulit                                  :P:Nom:                   ukuli
ukulien                                 :P:Gen:                   ukuli
ukuleiden                               :P:Gen:                   ukuli
ukuleitten                              :P:Gen:                   ukuli
ukuleja                                 :P:Par:                   ukuli
ukuleita                                :P:Par:                   ukuli
ukuleissa                               :P:Ine:                   ukuli
ukuleista                               :P:Ela:                   ukuli
ukuleihin                               :P:Ill:                   ukuli
ukuleilla                               :P:Ade:                   ukuli
ukuleilta                               :P:Abl:                   ukuli
ukuleille                               :P:All:                   ukuli
ukuleina                                :P:Ess:                   ukuli
ukuleiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ukuli
ukulein                                 :P:Ins:                   ukuli
ukuleitta                               :P:Abe:                   ukuli
ukuleine                                :P:Kom:                   ukuli
U-käännös                               :S:Nom:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksen                            :S:Gen:                   U-käännös
U-käännöstä                             :S:Par:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksessä                          :S:Ine:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksestä                          :S:Ela:                   U-käännös
U-käännökseen                           :S:Ill:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksellä                          :S:Ade:                   U-käännös
U-käännökseltä                          :S:Abl:                   U-käännös
U-käännökselle                          :S:All:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksenä                           :S:Ess:                   U-käännös
U-käännökseksi                          :S:Tra:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksettä                          :S:Abe:                   U-käännös
U-käännökset                            :P:Nom:                   U-käännös
U-käännösten                            :P:Gen:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksien                           :P:Gen:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksiä                            :P:Par:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksissä                          :P:Ine:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksistä                          :P:Ela:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksiin                           :P:Ill:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksillä                          :P:Ade:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksiltä                          :P:Abl:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksille                          :P:All:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksinä                           :P:Ess:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksin                            :P:Ins:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksittä                          :P:Abe:                   U-käännös
U-käännöksine                           :P:Kom:                   U-käännös
ula                                     :S:Nom:                   ula
ulan                                    :S:Gen:                   ula
ulaa                                    :S:Par:                   ula
ulassa                                  :S:Ine:                   ula
ulasta                                  :S:Ela:                   ula
ulaan                                   :S:Ill:                   ula
ulalla                                  :S:Ade:                   ula
ulalta                                  :S:Abl:                   ula
ulalle                                  :S:All:                   ula
ulana                                   :S:Ess:                   ula
ulaksi                                  :S:Tra:                   ula
ulatta                                  :S:Abe:                   ula
ulat                                    :P:Nom:                   ula
ulien                                   :P:Gen:                   ula
ulain                                   :P:Gen:                   ula
ulia                                    :P:Par:                   ula
ulissa                                  :P:Ine:                   ula
ulista                                  :P:Ela:                   ula
uliin                                   :P:Ill:                   ula
ulilla                                  :P:Ade:                   ula
ulilta                                  :P:Abl:                   ula
ulille                                  :P:All:                   ula
ulina                                   :P:Ess:                   ula
uliksi                                  :P:Tra:                   ula
ulin                                    :P:Ins:                   ula
ulitta                                  :P:Abe:                   ula
uline                                   :P:Kom:                   ula
ula-aalto                               :S:Nom:                   ula-aallot
ula-aallon                              :S:Gen:                   ula-aallot
ula-aaltoa                              :S:Par:                   ula-aallot
ula-aallossa                            :S:Ine:                   ula-aallot
ula-aallosta                            :S:Ela:                   ula-aallot
ula-aaltoon                             :S:Ill:                   ula-aallot
ula-aallolla                            :S:Ade:                   ula-aallot
ula-aallolta                            :S:Abl:                   ula-aallot
ula-aallolle                            :S:All:                   ula-aallot
ula-aaltona                             :S:Ess:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloksi                            :S:Tra:                   ula-aallot
ula-aallotta                            :S:Abe:                   ula-aallot
ula-aallot                              :P:Nom:                   ula-aallot
ula-aaltojen                            :P:Gen:                   ula-aallot
ula-aaltoja                             :P:Par:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloissa                           :P:Ine:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloista                           :P:Ela:                   ula-aallot
ula-aaltoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloilla                           :P:Ade:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloilta                           :P:Abl:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloille                           :P:All:                   ula-aallot
ula-aaltoina                            :P:Ess:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloin                             :P:Ins:                   ula-aallot
ula-aalloitta                           :P:Abe:                   ula-aallot
ula-aaltoine                            :P:Kom:                   ula-aallot
U-laakso                                :S:Nom:                   U-laakso
U-laakson                               :S:Gen:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoa                               :S:Par:                   U-laakso
U-laaksossa                             :S:Ine:                   U-laakso
U-laaksosta                             :S:Ela:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoon                              :S:Ill:                   U-laakso
U-laaksolla                             :S:Ade:                   U-laakso
U-laaksolta                             :S:Abl:                   U-laakso
U-laaksolle                             :S:All:                   U-laakso
U-laaksona                              :S:Ess:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoksi                             :S:Tra:                   U-laakso
U-laaksotta                             :S:Abe:                   U-laakso
U-laaksot                               :P:Nom:                   U-laakso
U-laaksojen                             :P:Gen:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoja                              :P:Par:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoissa                            :P:Ine:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoista                            :P:Ela:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoihin                            :P:Ill:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoilla                            :P:Ade:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoilta                            :P:Abl:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoille                            :P:All:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoina                             :P:Ess:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoin                              :P:Ins:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoitta                            :P:Abe:                   U-laakso
U-laaksoine                             :P:Kom:                   U-laakso
ula-alue                                :S:Nom:                   ula-alue
ula-alueen                              :S:Gen:                   ula-alue
ula-aluetta                             :S:Par:                   ula-alue
ula-alueessa                            :S:Ine:                   ula-alue
ula-alueesta                            :S:Ela:                   ula-alue
ula-alueeseen                           :S:Ill:                   ula-alue
ula-alueella                            :S:Ade:                   ula-alue
ula-alueelta                            :S:Abl:                   ula-alue
ula-alueelle                            :S:All:                   ula-alue
ula-alueena                             :S:Ess:                   ula-alue
ula-alueeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ula-alue
ula-alueetta                            :S:Abe:                   ula-alue
ula-alueet                              :P:Nom:                   ula-alue
ula-alueiden                            :P:Gen:                   ula-alue
ula-alueitten                           :P:Gen:                   ula-alue
ula-alueita                             :P:Par:                   ula-alue
ula-alueissa                            :P:Ine:                   ula-alue
ula-alueista                            :P:Ela:                   ula-alue
ula-alueisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ula-alue
ula-alueihin                            :P:Ill:                   ula-alue
ula-alueilla                            :P:Ade:                   ula-alue
ula-alueilta                            :P:Abl:                   ula-alue
ula-alueille                            :P:All:                   ula-alue
ula-alueina                             :P:Ess:                   ula-alue
ula-alueiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ula-alue
ula-aluein                              :P:Ins:                   ula-alue
ula-alueitta                            :P:Abe:                   ula-alue
ula-alueine                             :P:Kom:                   ula-alue
ula-asema                               :S:Nom:                   ula-asema
ula-aseman                              :S:Gen:                   ula-asema
ula-asemaa                              :S:Par:                   ula-asema
ula-asemassa                            :S:Ine:                   ula-asema
ula-asemasta                            :S:Ela:                   ula-asema
ula-asemaan                             :S:Ill:                   ula-asema
ula-asemalla                            :S:Ade:                   ula-asema
ula-asemalta                            :S:Abl:                   ula-asema
ula-asemalle                            :S:All:                   ula-asema
ula-asemana                             :S:Ess:                   ula-asema
ula-asemaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ula-asema
ula-asematta                            :S:Abe:                   ula-asema
ula-asemat                              :P:Nom:                   ula-asema
ula-asemien                             :P:Gen:                   ula-asema
ula-asemain                             :P:Gen:                   ula-asema
ula-asemia                              :P:Par:                   ula-asema
ula-asemissa                            :P:Ine:                   ula-asema
ula-asemista                            :P:Ela:                   ula-asema
ula-asemiin                             :P:Ill:                   ula-asema
ula-asemilla                            :P:Ade:                   ula-asema
ula-asemilta                            :P:Abl:                   ula-asema
ula-asemille                            :P:All:                   ula-asema
ula-asemina                             :P:Ess:                   ula-asema
ula-asemiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ula-asema
ula-asemin                              :P:Ins:                   ula-asema
ula-asemitta                            :P:Abe:                   ula-asema
ula-asemine                             :P:Kom:                   ula-asema
ulahdus                                 :S:Nom:                   ulahdus
ulahduksen                              :S:Gen:                   ulahdus
ulahdusta                               :S:Par:                   ulahdus
ulahduksessa                            :S:Ine:                   ulahdus
ulahduksesta                            :S:Ela:                   ulahdus
ulahdukseen                             :S:Ill:                   ulahdus
ulahduksella                            :S:Ade:                   ulahdus
ulahdukselta                            :S:Abl:                   ulahdus
ulahdukselle                            :S:All:                   ulahdus
ulahduksena                             :S:Ess:                   ulahdus
ulahdukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulahdus
ulahduksetta                            :S:Abe:                   ulahdus
ulahdukset                              :P:Nom:                   ulahdus
ulahdusten                              :P:Gen:                   ulahdus
ulahduksien                             :P:Gen:                   ulahdus
ulahduksia                              :P:Par:                   ulahdus
ulahduksissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulahdus
ulahduksista                            :P:Ela:                   ulahdus
ulahduksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulahdus
ulahduksilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulahdus
ulahduksilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulahdus
ulahduksille                            :P:All:                   ulahdus
ulahduksina                             :P:Ess:                   ulahdus
ulahduksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulahdus
ulahduksin                              :P:Ins:                   ulahdus
ulahduksitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulahdus
ulahduksine                             :P:Kom:                   ulahdus
ulahdan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulahtaa
ulahdat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahtaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahdamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahdatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdeta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulahdin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulahtaa
ulahdit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahdimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahditte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulahtanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulahtaa
ulahtanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahtanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahtanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahtanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulahtaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulahtaa
ulahtaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahtaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahtaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulahda                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahtakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahtakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahtakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahda                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtaa                                 :Inf1:                    ulahtaa
ulahtaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ulahtaa
ulahtaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulahtaa
ulahdettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulahtaa
ulahtaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulahtaa
ulahtamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulahtaa
ulahtamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulahtaa
ulahtamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulahtaa
ulahtamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulahtaa
ulahtamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulahtaa
ulahtaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulahtaa
ulahdettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulahtaa
ulahtaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ulahtaa
ulahtamista                             :Inf4:Par:                ulahtaa
ulahtamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ulahtaa
ulahtava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulahtaa
ulahdettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtama                                :Cip:Age:                 ulahtaa
ulahtamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulahtaa
ulahtanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahtaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulahtaa
ulahdettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulahtaa
ulakeskus                               :S:Nom:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksen                            :S:Gen:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskusta                             :S:Par:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksessa                          :S:Ine:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksesta                          :S:Ela:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskukseen                           :S:Ill:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksella                          :S:Ade:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskukselta                          :S:Abl:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskukselle                          :S:All:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksena                           :S:Ess:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskukseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksetta                          :S:Abe:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskukset                            :P:Nom:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskusten                            :P:Gen:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksien                           :P:Gen:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksia                            :P:Par:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksista                          :P:Ela:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksille                          :P:All:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksina                           :P:Ess:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksin                            :P:Ins:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulakeskus
ulakeskuksine                           :P:Kom:                   ulakeskus
ulappa                                  :S:Nom:                   ulappa
ulapan                                  :S:Gen:                   ulappa
ulappaa                                 :S:Par:                   ulappa
ulapassa                                :S:Ine:                   ulappa
ulapasta                                :S:Ela:                   ulappa
ulappaan                                :S:Ill:                   ulappa
ulapalla                                :S:Ade:                   ulappa
ulapalta                                :S:Abl:                   ulappa
ulapalle                                :S:All:                   ulappa
ulappana                                :S:Ess:                   ulappa
ulapaksi                                :S:Tra:                   ulappa
ulapatta                                :S:Abe:                   ulappa
ulapat                                  :P:Nom:                   ulappa
ulapoiden                               :P:Gen:                   ulappa
ulapoitten                              :P:Gen:                   ulappa
ulappojen                               :P:Gen:                   ulappa
ulappain                                :P:Gen:                   ulappa
ulapoita                                :P:Par:                   ulappa
ulappoja                                :P:Par:                   ulappa
ulapoissa                               :P:Ine:                   ulappa
ulapoista                               :P:Ela:                   ulappa
ulappoihin                              :P:Ill:                   ulappa
ulapoihin                               :P:Ill:                   ulappa
ulapoilla                               :P:Ade:                   ulappa
ulapoilta                               :P:Abl:                   ulappa
ulapoille                               :P:All:                   ulappa
ulapoina                                :P:Ess:                   ulappa
ulapoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ulappa
ulapoin                                 :P:Ins:                   ulappa
ulapoitta                               :P:Abe:                   ulappa
ulapoine                                :P:Kom:                   ulappa
ulapuhelin                              :S:Nom:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimen                            :S:Gen:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelinta                            :S:Par:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimessa                          :S:Ine:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimesta                          :S:Ela:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimeen                           :S:Ill:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimella                          :S:Ade:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimelta                          :S:Abl:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimelle                          :S:All:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimena                           :S:Ess:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimetta                          :S:Abe:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimet                            :P:Nom:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimien                           :P:Gen:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelinten                           :P:Gen:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimia                            :P:Par:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimista                          :P:Ela:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimiin                           :P:Ill:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimille                          :P:All:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimina                           :P:Ess:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimin                            :P:Ins:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulapuhelin
ulapuhelimine                           :P:Kom:                   ulapuhelin
ularadio                                :S:Nom:                   ularadio
ularadion                               :S:Gen:                   ularadio
ularadiota                              :S:Par:                   ularadio
ularadiossa                             :S:Ine:                   ularadio
ularadiosta                             :S:Ela:                   ularadio
ularadioon                              :S:Ill:                   ularadio
ularadiolla                             :S:Ade:                   ularadio
ularadiolta                             :S:Abl:                   ularadio
ularadiolle                             :S:All:                   ularadio
ularadiona                              :S:Ess:                   ularadio
ularadioksi                             :S:Tra:                   ularadio
ularadiotta                             :S:Abe:                   ularadio
ularadiot                               :P:Nom:                   ularadio
ularadioiden                            :P:Gen:                   ularadio
ularadioitten                           :P:Gen:                   ularadio
ularadioita                             :P:Par:                   ularadio
ularadioissa                            :P:Ine:                   ularadio
ularadioista                            :P:Ela:                   ularadio
ularadioihin                            :P:Ill:                   ularadio
ularadioilla                            :P:Ade:                   ularadio
ularadioilta                            :P:Abl:                   ularadio
ularadioille                            :P:All:                   ularadio
ularadioina                             :P:Ess:                   ularadio
ularadioiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ularadio
ularadioin                              :P:Ins:                   ularadio
ularadioitta                            :P:Abe:                   ularadio
ularadioine                             :P:Kom:                   ularadio
uletun                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulettua
uletut                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettuu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulettua
uletumme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulettua
uletutte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettuvat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletutaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulettua
uletu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulettua
uletu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
uletu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
uletu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
uletu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
uletu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
uletuin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulettua
uletuit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettui                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulettua
uletuimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulettua
uletuitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettuivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
ulettunen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulettua
ulettunet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettunee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulettua
ulettunemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulettua
ulettunette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettunevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulettua
ulettune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
ulettuisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulettua
ulettuisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulettua
ulettuisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulettua
ulettuisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettuisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulettua
ulettuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
uletu                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettukoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulettua
ulettukaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulettua
ulettukaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettukoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulettua
uletu                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulettua
ulettua                                 :Inf1:                    ulettua
ulettuakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ulettua
ulettuessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulettua
uletuttaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulettua
ulettuen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulettua
ulettumassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulettua
ulettumasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulettua
ulettumaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulettua
ulettumalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulettua
ulettumatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulettua
ulettuman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulettua
uletuttaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulettua
ulettuminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ulettua
ulettumista                             :Inf4:Par:                ulettua
ulettumaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ulettua
ulettuva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulettua
uletuttava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulettua
ulettunut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulettua
uletuttu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulettua
ulettuma                                :Cip:Age:                 ulettua
ulettumaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
ulettunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulettua
ulettunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ulettua
ulettunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
ulettunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulettua
ulettunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulettua
ulettunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulettua
ulettunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
ulettunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulettua
uletuttu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulettua
ulettunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulettua
ulettuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulettua
uletuttu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulettua
ulina                                   :S:Nom:                   ulina
ulinan                                  :S:Gen:                   ulina
ulinaa                                  :S:Par:                   ulina
ulinassa                                :S:Ine:                   ulina
ulinasta                                :S:Ela:                   ulina
ulinaan                                 :S:Ill:                   ulina
ulinalla                                :S:Ade:                   ulina
ulinalta                                :S:Abl:                   ulina
ulinalle                                :S:All:                   ulina
ulinana                                 :S:Ess:                   ulina
ulinaksi                                :S:Tra:                   ulina
ulinatta                                :S:Abe:                   ulina
ulinat                                  :P:Nom:                   ulina
ulinoiden                               :P:Gen:                   ulina
ulinoitten                              :P:Gen:                   ulina
ulinain                                 :P:Gen:                   ulina
ulinoita                                :P:Par:                   ulina
ulinoissa                               :P:Ine:                   ulina
ulinoista                               :P:Ela:                   ulina
ulinoihin                               :P:Ill:                   ulina
ulinoilla                               :P:Ade:                   ulina
ulinoilta                               :P:Abl:                   ulina
ulinoille                               :P:All:                   ulina
ulinoina                                :P:Ess:                   ulina
ulinoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ulina
ulinoin                                 :P:Ins:                   ulina
ulinoitta                               :P:Abe:                   ulina
ulinoine                                :P:Kom:                   ulina
ulisin                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulista
uliset                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulista
ulisee                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulisemme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulista
ulisette                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulista
ulisevat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulista
ulise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulista
ulise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulista                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulista
ulisin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulista
ulisit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulista
ulisi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulisimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulista
ulisitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulista
ulisivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistu                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulista
ulissen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulista
ulisset                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulista
ulissee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulissemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulista
ulissette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulista
ulissevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistaneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulista
ulisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulista
ulisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistane                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulista
ulisisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulista
ulisisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulista
ulisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulisisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulista
ulisisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulista
ulisisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistaisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulista
ulisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulista
ulisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistaisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulista
ulise                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulista
uliskoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulista
uliskaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulista
uliskaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulista
uliskoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulista
ulise                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulisko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulisko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulisko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistako                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulista
ulista                                  :Inf1:                    ulista
ulistakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  ulista
ulistessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulista
ulistaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulista
ulisten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulista
ulisemassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulista
ulisemasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulista
ulisemaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulista
ulisemalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulista
ulisematta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulista
uliseman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulista
ulistaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulista
uliseminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                ulista
ulisemista                              :Inf4:Par:                ulista
ulisemaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    ulista
uliseva                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulista
ulistava                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulista
ulissut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulista
ulistu                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulista
ulisema                                 :Cip:Age:                 ulista
ulisematon                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulista
ulissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulista
ulissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulista
ulissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             ulista
ulissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulista
ulissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulista
ulissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulista
ulissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulista
ulissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulista
ulissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulista
ulissut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulista
ulisseet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulista
ulistu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulista
ulissut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulista
ulisseet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulista
ulistu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulista
uljas                                   :S:Nom:                   uljas
uljaan                                  :S:Gen:                   uljas
uljasta                                 :S:Par:                   uljas
uljaassa                                :S:Ine:                   uljas
uljaasta                                :S:Ela:                   uljas
uljaaseen                               :S:Ill:                   uljas
uljaalla                                :S:Ade:                   uljas
uljaalta                                :S:Abl:                   uljas
uljaalle                                :S:All:                   uljas
uljaana                                 :S:Ess:                   uljas
uljaaksi                                :S:Tra:                   uljas
uljaatta                                :S:Abe:                   uljas
uljaat                                  :P:Nom:                   uljas
uljaiden                                :P:Gen:                   uljas
uljaitten                               :P:Gen:                   uljas
uljaita                                 :P:Par:                   uljas
uljaissa                                :P:Ine:                   uljas
uljaista                                :P:Ela:                   uljas
uljaisiin                               :P:Ill:                   uljas
uljailla                                :P:Ade:                   uljas
uljailta                                :P:Abl:                   uljas
uljaille                                :P:All:                   uljas
uljaina                                 :P:Ess:                   uljas
uljaiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uljas
uljain                                  :P:Ins:                   uljas
uljaitta                                :P:Abe:                   uljas
uljaine                                 :P:Kom:                   uljas
uljasryhtinen                           :S:Nom:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisen                           :S:Gen:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtistä                           :S:Par:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisessä                         :S:Ine:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisestä                         :S:Ela:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtiseen                          :S:Ill:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisellä                         :S:Ade:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtiselle                         :S:All:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisenä                          :S:Ess:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisettä                         :S:Abe:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtiset                           :P:Nom:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisten                          :P:Gen:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisin                           :P:Gen:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisiä                           :P:Par:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisissä                         :P:Ine:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisistä                         :P:Ela:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisillä                         :P:Ade:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisille                         :P:All:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisinä                          :P:Ess:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisin                           :P:Ins:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisittä                         :P:Abe:                   uljasryhtinen
uljasryhtisine                          :P:Kom:                   uljasryhtinen
uljuus                                  :S:Nom:                   uljuus
uljuuden                                :S:Gen:                   uljuus
uljuutta                                :S:Par:                   uljuus
uljuudessa                              :S:Ine:                   uljuus
uljuudesta                              :S:Ela:                   uljuus
uljuuteen                               :S:Ill:                   uljuus
uljuudella                              :S:Ade:                   uljuus
uljuudelta                              :S:Abl:                   uljuus
uljuudelle                              :S:All:                   uljuus
uljuutena                               :S:Ess:                   uljuus
uljuudeksi                              :S:Tra:                   uljuus
uljuutta                                :S:Abe:                   uljuus
uljuudet                                :P:Nom:                   uljuus
uljuuksien                              :P:Gen:                   uljuus
uljuuksia                               :P:Par:                   uljuus
uljuuksissa                             :P:Ine:                   uljuus
uljuuksista                             :P:Ela:                   uljuus
uljuuksiin                              :P:Ill:                   uljuus
uljuuksilla                             :P:Ade:                   uljuus
uljuuksilta                             :P:Abl:                   uljuus
uljuuksille                             :P:All:                   uljuus
uljuuksina                              :P:Ess:                   uljuus
uljuuksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uljuus
uljuuksin                               :P:Ins:                   uljuus
uljuuksitta                             :P:Abe:                   uljuus
uljuuksine                              :P:Kom:                   uljuus
ulkoantenni                             :S:Nom:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennin                            :S:Gen:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennia                            :S:Par:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennissa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennista                          :S:Ela:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenniin                           :S:Ill:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennilla                          :S:Ade:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennilta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennille                          :S:All:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennina                           :S:Ess:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenniksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennitta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennit                            :P:Nom:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennien                           :P:Gen:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneiden                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneitten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneja                           :P:Par:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneita                          :P:Par:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneille                         :P:All:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantennein                           :P:Ins:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoantenneine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkoantenni
ulkoasiainhallinto                      :S:Nom:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnon                     :S:Gen:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallintoa                     :S:Par:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnossa                   :S:Ine:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnosta                   :S:Ela:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallintoon                    :S:Ill:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnolla                   :S:Ade:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnolta                   :S:Abl:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnolle                   :S:All:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallintona                    :S:Ess:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoksi                   :S:Tra:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnotta                   :S:Abe:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnot                     :P:Nom:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallintojen                   :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallintoja                    :P:Par:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoissa                  :P:Ine:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoista                  :P:Ela:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallintoihin                  :P:Ill:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoilla                  :P:Ade:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoilta                  :P:Abl:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoille                  :P:All:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallintoina                   :P:Ess:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoin                    :P:Ins:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallinnoitta                  :P:Abe:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainhallintoine                   :P:Kom:                   ulkoasiainhallinto
ulkoasiainministeri                     :S:Nom:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerin                    :S:Gen:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministeriä                    :S:Par:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerissä                  :S:Ine:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministeristä                  :S:Ela:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministeriin                   :S:Ill:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerillä                  :S:Ade:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministeriltä                  :S:Abl:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerille                  :S:All:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerinä                   :S:Ess:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministeriksi                  :S:Tra:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerittä                  :S:Abe:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerit                    :P:Nom:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerien                   :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereiden                 :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereitten                :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerejä                   :P:Par:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereitä                  :P:Par:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereissä                 :P:Ine:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereistä                 :P:Ela:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereihin                 :P:Ill:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereillä                 :P:Ade:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereiltä                 :P:Abl:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereille                 :P:All:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereinä                  :P:Ess:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministerein                   :P:Ins:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereittä                 :P:Abe:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministereine                  :P:Kom:                   ulkoasiainministeri
ulkoasiainministeriö                    :S:Nom:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriön                   :S:Gen:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriötä                  :S:Par:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriössä                 :S:Ine:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöstä                 :S:Ela:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöön                  :S:Ill:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöllä                 :S:Ade:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöltä                 :S:Abl:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriölle                 :S:All:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriönä                  :S:Ess:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöksi                 :S:Tra:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöttä                 :S:Abe:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöt                   :P:Nom:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöiden                :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöitten               :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöitä                 :P:Par:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöissä                :P:Ine:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöistä                :P:Ela:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöihin                :P:Ill:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöillä                :P:Ade:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöiltä                :P:Abl:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöille                :P:All:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöinä                 :P:Ess:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöiksi                :P:Tra:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöin                  :P:Ins:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöittä                :P:Abe:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainministeriöine                 :P:Kom:                   ulkoasiainministeriö
ulkoasiainvaliokunta                    :S:Nom:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnan                   :S:Gen:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntaa                   :S:Par:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnassa                 :S:Ine:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnasta                 :S:Ela:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntaan                  :S:Ill:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnalla                 :S:Ade:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnalta                 :S:Abl:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnalle                 :S:All:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntana                  :S:Ess:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnaksi                 :S:Tra:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnatta                 :S:Abe:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnat                   :P:Nom:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntien                  :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntain                  :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntia                   :P:Par:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnissa                 :P:Ine:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnista                 :P:Ela:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntiin                  :P:Ill:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnilla                 :P:Ade:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnilta                 :P:Abl:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnille                 :P:All:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntina                  :P:Ess:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunniksi                 :P:Tra:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnin                   :P:Ins:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokunnitta                 :P:Abe:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasiainvaliokuntine                  :P:Kom:                   ulkoasiainvaliokunta
ulkoasia                                :S:Nom:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasian                               :S:Gen:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiaa                               :S:Par:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiaan                              :S:Ill:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasialla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasialta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasialle                             :S:All:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiana                              :S:Ess:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioiden                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioitten                           :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasiain                              :P:Gen:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioita                             :P:Par:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioille                            :P:All:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasioine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkoasiat
ulkoasu                                 :S:Nom:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasun                                :S:Gen:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasua                                :S:Par:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasussa                              :S:Ine:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasusta                              :S:Ela:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuun                               :S:Ill:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasulla                              :S:Ade:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasulta                              :S:Abl:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasulle                              :S:All:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuna                               :S:Ess:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasutta                              :S:Abe:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasut                                :P:Nom:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasujen                              :P:Gen:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuja                               :P:Par:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuista                             :P:Ela:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuihin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuille                             :P:All:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuina                              :P:Ess:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuin                               :P:Ins:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulkoasu
ulkoasuine                              :P:Kom:                   ulkoasu
ulkoavaruus                             :S:Nom:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuden                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruutta                           :S:Par:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruudessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruudesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuteen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruudella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruudelta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruudelle                         :S:All:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruutena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruutta                           :S:Abe:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruudet                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksia                          :P:Par:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksille                        :P:All:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoavaruuksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoavaruus
ulkoeteinen                             :S:Nom:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisen                             :S:Gen:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteistä                             :S:Par:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisessä                           :S:Ine:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisestä                           :S:Ela:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteiseen                            :S:Ill:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisellä                           :S:Ade:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteiselle                           :S:All:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisenä                            :S:Ess:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisettä                           :S:Abe:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteiset                             :P:Nom:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisten                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisin                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisiä                             :P:Par:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisissä                           :P:Ine:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisistä                           :P:Ela:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisillä                           :P:Ade:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisille                           :P:All:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisinä                            :P:Ess:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisittä                           :P:Abe:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeteisine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkoeteinen
ulkoeurooppalainen                      :S:Nom:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisen                      :S:Gen:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaista                      :S:Par:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisessa                    :S:Ine:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisesta                    :S:Ela:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaiseen                     :S:Ill:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisella                    :S:Ade:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaiselta                    :S:Abl:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaiselle                    :S:All:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisena                     :S:Ess:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaiseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisetta                    :S:Abe:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaiset                      :P:Nom:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisten                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisin                      :P:Gen:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisia                      :P:Par:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisissa                    :P:Ine:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisista                    :P:Ela:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisilla                    :P:Ade:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisilta                    :P:Abl:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisille                    :P:All:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisina                     :P:Ess:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisin                      :P:Ins:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisitta                    :P:Abe:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkoeurooppalaisine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkoeurooppalainen
ulkofilee                               :S:Nom:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileen                              :S:Gen:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileetä                             :S:Par:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileessä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileestä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileehen                            :S:Ill:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileeseen                           :S:Ill:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileellä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileeltä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileelle                            :S:All:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileenä                             :S:Ess:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileettä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileet                              :P:Nom:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileiden                            :P:Gen:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileitten                           :P:Gen:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileitä                             :P:Par:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileissä                            :P:Ine:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileistä                            :P:Ela:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileillä                            :P:Ade:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileille                            :P:All:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileinä                             :P:Ess:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkofilee
ulkofilein                              :P:Ins:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileittä                            :P:Abe:                   ulkofilee
ulkofileine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkofilee
ulkogrilli                              :S:Nom:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillin                             :S:Gen:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilliä                             :S:Par:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillissä                           :S:Ine:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillistä                           :S:Ela:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilliin                            :S:Ill:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillillä                           :S:Ade:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilliltä                           :S:Abl:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillille                           :S:All:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillinä                            :S:Ess:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilliksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillittä                           :S:Abe:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillit                             :P:Nom:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillejä                            :P:Par:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleissä                          :P:Ine:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleistä                          :P:Ela:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleillä                          :P:Ade:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleille                          :P:All:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleinä                           :P:Ess:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrillein                            :P:Ins:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleittä                          :P:Abe:                   ulkogrilli
ulkogrilleine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkogrilli
ulkohalkaisija                          :S:Nom:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijan                         :S:Gen:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijaa                         :S:Par:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijassa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijasta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijaan                        :S:Ill:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijalla                       :S:Ade:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijalta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijalle                       :S:All:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijana                        :S:Ess:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijaksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijatta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijat                         :P:Nom:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoiden                      :P:Gen:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoitten                     :P:Gen:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijain                        :P:Gen:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoita                       :P:Par:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoissa                      :P:Ine:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoista                      :P:Ela:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoilla                      :P:Ade:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoilta                      :P:Abl:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoille                      :P:All:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoina                       :P:Ess:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoin                        :P:Ins:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoitta                      :P:Abe:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohalkaisijoine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkohalkaisija
ulkohammaspyörä                         :S:Nom:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörän                        :S:Gen:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörää                        :S:Par:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörässä                      :S:Ine:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörästä                      :S:Ela:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörään                       :S:Ill:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörällä                      :S:Ade:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörältä                      :S:Abl:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörälle                      :S:All:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyöränä                       :S:Ess:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyöräksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörättä                      :S:Abe:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörät                        :P:Nom:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörien                       :P:Gen:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyöräin                       :P:Gen:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyöriä                        :P:Par:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörissä                      :P:Ine:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyöristä                      :P:Ela:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyöriin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörillä                      :P:Ade:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyöriltä                      :P:Abl:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörille                      :P:All:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörinä                       :P:Ess:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyöriksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörin                        :P:Ins:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörittä                      :P:Abe:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohammaspyörine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkohammaspyörä
ulkohanka                               :S:Nom:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangalle                            :S:All:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangoille                           :P:All:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkohanka
ulkohangoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkohanka
ulkohankain                             :S:Nom:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankainta                           :S:Par:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimeen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimelta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimelle                         :S:All:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimet                           :P:Nom:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimien                          :P:Gen:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankainten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimia                           :P:Par:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimille                         :P:All:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankaimine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkohankain
ulkohankavene                           :S:Nom:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankavenettä                        :S:Par:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneessä                       :S:Ine:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneestä                       :S:Ela:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneeseen                      :S:Ill:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneellä                       :S:Ade:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneeltä                       :S:Abl:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneelle                       :S:All:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneenä                        :S:Ess:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneettä                       :S:Abe:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneet                         :P:Nom:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneiden                       :P:Gen:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneitten                      :P:Gen:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneitä                        :P:Par:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneissä                       :P:Ine:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneistä                       :P:Ela:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneillä                       :P:Ade:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneille                       :P:All:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneinä                        :P:Ess:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankavenein                         :P:Ins:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneittä                       :P:Abe:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohankaveneine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkohankavene
ulkohuone                               :S:Nom:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneen                             :S:Gen:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuonetta                            :S:Par:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneessa                           :S:Ine:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneesta                           :S:Ela:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneeseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneella                           :S:Ade:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneelta                           :S:Abl:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneelle                           :S:All:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneena                            :S:Ess:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneetta                           :S:Abe:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneet                             :P:Nom:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneiden                           :P:Gen:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneitten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneita                            :P:Par:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneille                           :P:All:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuonein                             :P:Ins:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkohuone
ulkohuoneine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkohuone
ulkoilija                               :S:Nom:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijalle                            :S:All:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoiden                           :P:Gen:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoitten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoita                            :P:Par:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoille                           :P:All:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilijoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkoilija
ulkoilen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoillaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilla                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoilin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoili                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoillen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoilla
ulkoillet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoillee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoillemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoillette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoillevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoilisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoilla                                :Inf1:                    ulkoilla
ulkoillakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ulkoilla
ulkoillessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulkoilla
ulkoiltaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulkoilla
ulkoillen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulkoilla
ulkoilemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulkoilla
ulkoilemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulkoilla
ulkoilemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulkoilla
ulkoilemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulkoilla
ulkoilematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulkoilla
ulkoileman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulkoilla
ulkoiltaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulkoilla
ulkoileminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ulkoilla
ulkoilemista                            :Inf4:Par:                ulkoilla
ulkoilemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ulkoilla
ulkoileva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulkoilla
ulkoiltava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoilema                               :Cip:Age:                 ulkoilla
ulkoilematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulkoilla
ulkoillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoilleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoilla
ulkoiltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoilla
ulkoilma                                :S:Nom:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilman                               :S:Gen:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmaa                               :S:Par:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmaan                              :S:Ill:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmalle                             :S:All:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmana                              :S:Ess:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmojen                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmain                              :P:Gen:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoja                              :P:Par:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoille                            :P:All:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmoine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkoilma
ulkoilmaelämä                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämän                          :S:Gen:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämää                          :S:Par:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämässä                        :S:Ine:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämästä                        :S:Ela:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämään                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämällä                        :S:Ade:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämältä                        :S:Abl:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämälle                        :S:All:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämänä                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämäksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämättä                        :S:Abe:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämät                          :P:Nom:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämäin                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämiä                          :P:Par:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämissä                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämistä                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämillä                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämille                        :P:All:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaeläminä                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämittä                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaelämine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoilmaelämä
ulkoilmaihminen                         :S:Nom:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmistä                         :S:Par:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisessä                       :S:Ine:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisestä                       :S:Ela:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmiseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisellä                       :S:Ade:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmiselle                       :S:All:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisenä                        :S:Ess:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisettä                       :S:Abe:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmiset                         :P:Nom:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisin                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisiä                         :P:Par:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisissä                       :P:Ine:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisistä                       :P:Ela:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisillä                       :P:Ade:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisille                       :P:All:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisinä                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisittä                       :P:Abe:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmaihmisine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoilmaihminen
ulkoilmajuhla                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlan                          :S:Gen:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlaa                          :S:Par:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlassa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlasta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlaan                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlalla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlalta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlalle                        :S:All:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlana                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlatta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlat                          :P:Nom:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlain                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlia                          :P:Par:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhliin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlille                        :P:All:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhliksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhlitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmajuhline                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoilmajuhla
ulkoilmakahvila                         :S:Nom:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilan                        :S:Gen:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilaa                        :S:Par:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilassa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilasta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilaan                       :S:Ill:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilalla                      :S:Ade:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilalta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilalle                      :S:All:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilana                       :S:Ess:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilaksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilatta                      :S:Abe:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilat                        :P:Nom:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloiden                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloitten                    :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahvilain                       :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloita                      :P:Par:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloista                     :P:Ela:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloihin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloille                     :P:All:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloina                      :P:Ess:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloin                       :P:Ins:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakahviloine                      :P:Kom:                   ulkoilmakahvila
ulkoilmakonsertti                       :S:Nom:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertin                       :S:Gen:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserttia                      :S:Par:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertissa                     :S:Ine:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertista                     :S:Ela:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserttiin                     :S:Ill:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertilla                     :S:Ade:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertilta                     :S:Abl:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertille                     :S:All:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserttina                     :S:Ess:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertiksi                     :S:Tra:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertitta                     :S:Abe:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertit                       :P:Nom:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserttien                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertteja                     :P:Par:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserteissa                    :P:Ine:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserteista                    :P:Ela:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertteihin                   :P:Ill:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserteilla                    :P:Ade:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserteilta                    :P:Abl:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserteille                    :P:All:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertteina                    :P:Ess:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserteiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertein                      :P:Ins:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonserteitta                    :P:Abe:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmakonsertteine                    :P:Kom:                   ulkoilmakonsertti
ulkoilmaravintola                       :S:Nom:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolan                      :S:Gen:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolaa                      :S:Par:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolassa                    :S:Ine:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolasta                    :S:Ela:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolaan                     :S:Ill:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolalla                    :S:Ade:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolalta                    :S:Abl:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolalle                    :S:All:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolana                     :S:Ess:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolaksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolatta                    :S:Abe:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolat                      :P:Nom:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloiden                   :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloitten                  :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintolain                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloita                    :P:Par:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloissa                   :P:Ine:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloista                   :P:Ela:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloihin                   :P:Ill:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloilla                   :P:Ade:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloilta                   :P:Abl:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloille                   :P:All:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloina                    :P:Ess:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloin                     :P:Ins:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloitta                   :P:Abe:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmaravintoloine                    :P:Kom:                   ulkoilmaravintola
ulkoilmateatteri                        :S:Nom:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterin                       :S:Gen:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatteria                       :S:Par:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterissa                     :S:Ine:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterista                     :S:Ela:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatteriin                      :S:Ill:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterilla                     :S:Ade:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterilta                     :S:Abl:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterille                     :S:All:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterina                      :S:Ess:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatteriksi                     :S:Tra:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatteritta                     :S:Abe:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterit                       :P:Nom:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterien                      :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereiden                    :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereitten                   :P:Gen:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereja                      :P:Par:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereita                     :P:Par:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereissa                    :P:Ine:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereista                    :P:Ela:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereihin                    :P:Ill:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereilla                    :P:Ade:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereilta                    :P:Abl:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereille                    :P:All:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereina                     :P:Ess:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateatterein                      :P:Ins:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereitta                    :P:Abe:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilmateattereine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkoilmateatteri
ulkoilu                                 :S:Nom:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilun                                :S:Gen:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilua                                :S:Par:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilussa                              :S:Ine:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilusta                              :S:Ela:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluun                               :S:Ill:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilulla                              :S:Ade:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilulta                              :S:Abl:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilulle                              :S:All:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluna                               :S:Ess:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilutta                              :S:Abe:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilut                                :P:Nom:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilujen                              :P:Gen:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluiden                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluitten                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluja                               :P:Par:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluita                              :P:Par:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluista                             :P:Ela:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluihin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluille                             :P:All:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluina                              :P:Ess:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluin                               :P:Ins:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulkoilu
ulkoiluine                              :P:Kom:                   ulkoilu
ulkoilualue                             :S:Nom:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualuetta                          :S:Par:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueeseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueelta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueelle                         :S:All:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueet                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueiden                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueitten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueita                          :P:Par:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueille                         :P:All:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualuein                           :P:Ins:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoilualueine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkoilualue
ulkoiluasu                              :S:Nom:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasun                             :S:Gen:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasua                             :S:Par:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasussa                           :S:Ine:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasusta                           :S:Ela:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuun                            :S:Ill:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasulla                           :S:Ade:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasulta                           :S:Abl:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasulle                           :S:All:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuna                            :S:Ess:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasutta                           :S:Abe:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasut                             :P:Nom:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasujen                           :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuja                            :P:Par:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuista                          :P:Ela:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuille                          :P:All:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuina                           :P:Ess:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuin                            :P:Ins:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoiluasuine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkoiluasu
ulkoilujalkine                          :S:Nom:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineen                        :S:Gen:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkinetta                       :S:Par:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineessa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineesta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineeseen                     :S:Ill:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineella                      :S:Ade:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineelta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineelle                      :S:All:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineena                       :S:Ess:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineetta                      :S:Abe:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineet                        :P:Nom:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineiden                      :P:Gen:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineitten                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineita                       :P:Par:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineissa                      :P:Ine:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineista                      :P:Ela:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineisiin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineilla                      :P:Ade:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineilta                      :P:Abl:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineille                      :P:All:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineina                       :P:Ess:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkinein                        :P:Ins:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineitta                      :P:Abe:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilujalkineine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkoilujalkine
ulkoilukartta                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartan                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttaa                          :S:Par:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartassa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartasta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttaan                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartalla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartalta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartalle                         :S:All:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttana                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartatta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartat                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttojen                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttain                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttoja                         :P:Par:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartoille                        :P:All:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttoina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukartoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukarttoine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoilukartta
ulkoilukeskus                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksen                        :S:Gen:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskusta                         :S:Par:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksessa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksesta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskukseen                       :S:Ill:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksella                      :S:Ade:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskukselta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskukselle                      :S:All:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksena                       :S:Ess:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksetta                      :S:Abe:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskukset                        :P:Nom:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskusten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksien                       :P:Gen:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksia                        :P:Par:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksista                      :P:Ela:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksille                      :P:All:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksina                       :P:Ess:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksin                        :P:Ins:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilukeskuksine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkoilukeskus
ulkoilumaasto                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaaston                          :S:Gen:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoa                          :S:Par:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastossa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastosta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoon                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastolla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastolta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastolle                        :S:All:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastona                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastotta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastot                          :P:Nom:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastojen                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoja                         :P:Par:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoille                       :P:All:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaastoine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoilumaasto
ulkoilumaja                             :S:Nom:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajan                            :S:Gen:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajaa                            :S:Par:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajassa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajasta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajaan                           :S:Ill:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajalla                          :S:Ade:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajalta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajalle                          :S:All:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajana                           :S:Ess:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajatta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajat                            :P:Nom:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajojen                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajain                           :P:Gen:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoja                           :P:Par:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoille                         :P:All:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumajoine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkoilumaja
ulkoilumuoto                            :S:Nom:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodon                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuotoa                           :S:Par:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodossa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodosta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuotoon                          :S:Ill:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodolla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodolta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodolle                         :S:All:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuotona                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodotta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodot                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuotojen                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuotoja                          :P:Par:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuotoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoille                        :P:All:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuotoina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuodoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilumuotoine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoilumuoto
ulkoilupuisto                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuiston                          :S:Gen:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoa                          :S:Par:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistossa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistosta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoon                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistolla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistolta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistolle                        :S:All:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistona                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistotta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistot                          :P:Nom:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistojen                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoja                         :P:Par:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoille                       :P:All:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupuistoine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoilupuisto
ulkoilupusero                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseron                          :S:Gen:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroa                          :S:Par:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserossa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserosta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroon                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserolla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserolta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserolle                        :S:All:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserona                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserotta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserot                          :P:Nom:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuserojen                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroiden                       :P:Gen:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroitten                      :P:Gen:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroja                         :P:Par:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroita                        :P:Par:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroille                       :P:All:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupuseroine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoilupusero
ulkoilupäivä                            :S:Nom:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivän                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivää                           :S:Par:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivässä                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivästä                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivään                          :S:Ill:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivällä                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivältä                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivälle                         :S:All:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivänä                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäiväksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivättä                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivät                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivien                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäiväin                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäiviä                           :P:Par:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivissä                         :P:Ine:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivistä                         :P:Ela:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäiviin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivillä                         :P:Ade:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäiviltä                         :P:Abl:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäiville                         :P:All:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivinä                          :P:Ess:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäiviksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivittä                         :P:Abe:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilupäivine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkoilupäivä
ulkoilureitti                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitin                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureittiä                          :S:Par:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitissä                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitistä                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureittiin                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitillä                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitiltä                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitille                         :S:All:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureittinä                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitiksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitittä                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitit                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureittien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureittejä                         :P:Par:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureiteissä                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureiteistä                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitteihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureiteillä                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureiteiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureiteille                        :P:All:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitteinä                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureiteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitein                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureiteittä                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilureitteine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoilureitti
ulkoilutakki                            :S:Nom:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakin                            :S:Gen:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakkia                           :S:Par:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakissa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakista                          :S:Ela:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakkiin                          :S:Ill:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakilla                          :S:Ade:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakilta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakille                          :S:All:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakkina                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakiksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakitta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakit                            :P:Nom:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakkien                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakkeja                          :P:Par:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakeissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakeista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakkeihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakeilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakeilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakeille                         :P:All:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakkeina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakein                           :P:Ins:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakeitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutakkeine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoilutakki
ulkoilutan                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaa                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutamme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutatte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttavat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutetaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluta                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluta                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluta                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluta                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluta                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluta                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluteta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutti                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluta                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttakaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttakaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttakoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluta                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaa                             :Inf1:                    ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttamassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttamasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttamaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttamalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttamatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttamista                         :Inf4:Par:                ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttamaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttava                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttama                            :Cip:Age:                 ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttamaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoiluttaa
ulkoilutettu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoiluttaa
ulkoiluttaja                            :S:Nom:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajan                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajaa                           :S:Par:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajassa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajasta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajaan                          :S:Ill:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajalla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajalta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajalle                         :S:All:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajana                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajatta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajat                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajien                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajain                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajia                           :P:Par:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajille                         :P:All:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoiluttajine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkoiluttaja
ulkoilutus                              :S:Nom:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutusta                            :S:Par:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutukselle                         :S:All:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutukset                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutusten                           :P:Gen:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksien                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksia                           :P:Par:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksille                         :P:All:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoilutuksine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkoilutus
ulkoiluvaate                            :S:Nom:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatetta                         :S:Par:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteeseen                      :S:Ill:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteelta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteelle                       :S:All:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteet                         :P:Nom:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteiden                       :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaateitten                       :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteita                        :P:Par:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteille                       :P:All:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaattein                         :P:Ins:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaatteine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoiluvaate
ulkoiluvaruste                          :S:Nom:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteen                        :S:Gen:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarustetta                       :S:Par:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteessa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteesta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteeseen                     :S:Ill:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteella                      :S:Ade:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteelta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteelle                      :S:All:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteena                       :S:Ess:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteetta                      :S:Abe:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteet                        :P:Nom:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteiden                      :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteitten                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteita                       :P:Par:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteissa                      :P:Ine:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteista                      :P:Ela:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteisiin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteilla                      :P:Ade:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteilta                      :P:Abl:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteille                      :P:All:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteina                       :P:Ess:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarustein                        :P:Ins:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteitta                      :P:Abe:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvarusteine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkoiluvarusteet
ulkoiluvoide                            :S:Nom:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteen                          :S:Gen:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoidetta                         :S:Par:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteessa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteesta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteeseen                       :S:Ill:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteella                        :S:Ade:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteelta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteelle                        :S:All:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteena                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteetta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteet                          :P:Nom:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteiden                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoideitten                       :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteita                         :P:Par:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteille                        :P:All:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoitein                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluvoiteine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoiluvoide
ulkoiluväline                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälinettä                        :S:Par:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineessä                       :S:Ine:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineestä                       :S:Ela:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineeseen                      :S:Ill:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineellä                       :S:Ade:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineeltä                       :S:Abl:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineelle                       :S:All:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineenä                        :S:Ess:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineettä                       :S:Abe:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineet                         :P:Nom:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineiden                       :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineitten                      :P:Gen:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineitä                        :P:Par:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineissä                       :P:Ine:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineistä                       :P:Ela:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineillä                       :P:Ade:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineille                       :P:All:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineinä                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälinein                         :P:Ins:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineittä                       :P:Abe:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoiluvälineine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoiluväline
ulkoinen                                :S:Nom:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisen                                :S:Gen:                   ulkoinen
ulkoista                                :S:Par:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisessa                              :S:Ine:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisesta                              :S:Ela:                   ulkoinen
ulkoiseen                               :S:Ill:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisella                              :S:Ade:                   ulkoinen
ulkoiselta                              :S:Abl:                   ulkoinen
ulkoiselle                              :S:All:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisena                               :S:Ess:                   ulkoinen
ulkoiseksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisetta                              :S:Abe:                   ulkoinen
ulkoiset                                :P:Nom:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisten                               :P:Gen:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisin                                :P:Gen:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisia                                :P:Par:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisissa                              :P:Ine:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisista                              :P:Ela:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisiin                               :P:Ill:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisilla                              :P:Ade:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisilta                              :P:Abl:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisille                              :P:All:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisina                               :P:Ess:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisin                                :P:Ins:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisitta                              :P:Abe:                   ulkoinen
ulkoisine                               :P:Kom:                   ulkoinen
ulkoistan                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistamme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistatte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistavat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistetaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoista                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoista                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoista                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoista                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoista                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoista                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoisteta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoistin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoisti                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoistanen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoista                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistakaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistakaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistakoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoista                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistaa                               :Inf1:                    ulkoistaa
ulkoistaakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ulkoistaa
ulkoistaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistettaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistaen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistamassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistamasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistamaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistamalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistamatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistettaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulkoistaa
ulkoistaminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                ulkoistaa
ulkoistamista                           :Inf4:Par:                ulkoistaa
ulkoistamaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    ulkoistaa
ulkoistava                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistettava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistama                              :Cip:Age:                 ulkoistaa
ulkoistamaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulkoistaa
ulkoistanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkoistaa
ulkoistettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkoistaa
ulkoistus                               :S:Nom:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksen                            :S:Gen:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistusta                             :S:Par:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksessa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksesta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistukseen                           :S:Ill:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksella                          :S:Ade:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistukselta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistukselle                          :S:All:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksena                           :S:Ess:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistukseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksetta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistukset                            :P:Nom:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistusten                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksien                           :P:Gen:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksia                            :P:Par:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksista                          :P:Ela:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksille                          :P:All:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksina                           :P:Ess:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksin                            :P:Ins:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulkoistus
ulkoistuksine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkoistus
ulkojalka                               :S:Nom:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalan                               :S:Gen:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalalle                             :S:All:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkojalka
ulkojaloissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkojalka
ulkojaloista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkojalka
ulkojaloilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkojalka
ulkojaloilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkojalka
ulkojaloille                            :P:All:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkojalka
ulkojaloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkojalka
ulkojaloin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkojalka
ulkojaloitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkojalka
ulkojalkoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkojalka
ulkojäsen                               :S:Nom:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenen                             :S:Gen:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsentä                             :S:Par:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenessä                           :S:Ine:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenestä                           :S:Ela:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäseneen                            :S:Ill:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenellä                           :S:Ade:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäseneltä                           :S:Abl:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenelle                           :S:All:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenenä                            :S:Ess:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäseneksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenettä                           :S:Abe:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenet                             :P:Nom:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenten                            :P:Gen:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäseniä                             :P:Par:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenissä                           :P:Ine:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenistä                           :P:Ela:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäseniin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenillä                           :P:Ade:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäseniltä                           :P:Abl:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenille                           :P:All:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäseninä                            :P:Ess:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäseniksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenittä                           :P:Abe:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkojäsen
ulkojäsenyys                            :S:Nom:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyden                          :S:Gen:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyttä                          :S:Par:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyydessä                        :S:Ine:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyydestä                        :S:Ela:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyteen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyydellä                        :S:Ade:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyydeltä                        :S:Abl:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyydelle                        :S:All:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyytenä                         :S:Ess:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyydeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyttä                          :S:Abe:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyydet                          :P:Nom:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksien                        :P:Gen:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksiä                         :P:Par:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksille                       :P:All:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkojäsenyyksine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkojäsenyys
ulkokaarre                              :S:Nom:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteen                            :S:Gen:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarretta                           :S:Par:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteessa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteesta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteella                          :S:Ade:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteelta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteelle                          :S:All:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteena                           :S:Ess:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteetta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteet                            :P:Nom:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteiden                          :P:Gen:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarreitten                         :P:Gen:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteita                           :P:Par:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteista                          :P:Ela:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteille                          :P:All:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteina                           :P:Ess:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaartein                            :P:Ins:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokaarteine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkokaarre
ulkokatto                               :S:Nom:                   ulkokatto
ulkokaton                               :S:Gen:                   ulkokatto
ulkokattoa                              :S:Par:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatossa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatosta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkokatto
ulkokattoon                             :S:Ill:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatolla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatolta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatolle                             :S:All:                   ulkokatto
ulkokattona                             :S:Ess:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatotta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatot                               :P:Nom:                   ulkokatto
ulkokattojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkokatto
ulkokattoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkokatto
ulkokattoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoille                            :P:All:                   ulkokatto
ulkokattoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkokatto
ulkokatoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkokatto
ulkokattoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkokatto
ulkokehräs                              :S:Nom:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehrästä                            :S:Par:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksessä                         :S:Ine:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksestä                         :S:Ela:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräkseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksellä                         :S:Ade:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräkseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräkselle                         :S:All:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksenä                          :S:Ess:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräkseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksettä                         :S:Abe:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräkset                           :P:Nom:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehrästen                           :P:Gen:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksien                          :P:Gen:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksiä                           :P:Par:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksissä                         :P:Ine:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksistä                         :P:Ela:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksillä                         :P:Ade:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksille                         :P:All:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksinä                          :P:Ess:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksittä                         :P:Abe:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokehräksine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkokehräs
ulkokenkä                               :S:Nom:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengän                              :S:Gen:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkää                              :S:Par:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengässä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengästä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkään                             :S:Ill:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengällä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengältä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengälle                            :S:All:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkänä                             :S:Ess:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengäksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengättä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengät                              :P:Nom:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkäin                             :P:Gen:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkiä                              :P:Par:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengissä                            :P:Ine:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengistä                            :P:Ela:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengillä                            :P:Ade:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengille                            :P:All:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkinä                             :P:Ess:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokengittä                            :P:Abe:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenkine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkokenkä
ulkokenttä                              :S:Nom:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentän                              :S:Gen:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttää                             :S:Par:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentässä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentästä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttään                            :S:Ill:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentällä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentältä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentälle                            :S:All:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttänä                            :S:Ess:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentäksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentättä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentät                              :P:Nom:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttäin                            :P:Gen:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttiä                             :P:Par:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentissä                            :P:Ine:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentistä                            :P:Ela:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttiin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentillä                            :P:Ade:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentille                            :P:All:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttinä                            :P:Ess:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokentittä                            :P:Abe:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokenttine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkokenttä
ulkokierre                              :S:Nom:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteen                            :S:Gen:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierrettä                           :S:Par:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteessä                          :S:Ine:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteestä                          :S:Ela:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteellä                          :S:Ade:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteeltä                          :S:Abl:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteelle                          :S:All:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteenä                           :S:Ess:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteettä                          :S:Abe:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteet                            :P:Nom:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteiden                          :P:Gen:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierreitten                         :P:Gen:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteitä                           :P:Par:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteissä                          :P:Ine:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteistä                          :P:Ela:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteillä                          :P:Ade:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteille                          :P:All:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteinä                           :P:Ess:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkokierre
ulkokiertein                            :P:Ins:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteittä                          :P:Abe:                   ulkokierre
ulkokierteine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkokierre
ulkokohtainen                           :S:Nom:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaista                           :S:Par:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaiselle                         :S:All:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaiset                           :P:Nom:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisin                           :P:Gen:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisia                           :P:Par:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisille                         :P:All:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkokohtainen
ulkokohtaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokohtaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   ulkokohtaisuus
ulkokorva                               :S:Nom:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvalle                            :S:All:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvia                              :P:Par:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorviin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorville                            :P:All:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorviksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkokorva
ulkokorvine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkokorva
ulkokullattu                            :S:Nom:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatun                            :S:Gen:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullattua                           :S:Par:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatussa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatusta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullattuun                          :S:Ill:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatulla                          :S:Ade:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatulta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatulle                          :S:All:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullattuna                          :S:Ess:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatutta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatut                            :P:Nom:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullattujen                         :P:Gen:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullattuja                          :P:Par:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullattuihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuille                         :P:All:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullattuina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullatuitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokullattuine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkokullattu
ulkokultainen                           :S:Nom:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaista                           :S:Par:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaiselle                         :S:All:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaiset                           :P:Nom:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisin                           :P:Gen:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisia                           :P:Par:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisille                         :P:All:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkokultainen
ulkokultaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokultaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   ulkokultaisuus
ulkokuntalainen                         :S:Nom:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaista                         :S:Par:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaiseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaiselta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaiselle                       :S:All:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaiset                         :P:Nom:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisin                         :P:Gen:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisia                         :P:Par:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisille                       :P:All:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuntalaisine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkokuntalainen
ulkokuori                               :S:Nom:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoren                              :S:Gen:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorta                              :S:Par:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoressa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoresta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoreen                             :S:Ill:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorella                            :S:Ade:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorelta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorelle                            :S:All:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorena                             :S:Ess:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoreksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoretta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoret                              :P:Nom:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorten                             :P:Gen:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoria                              :P:Par:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoriin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorille                            :P:All:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoriksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuoritta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuorine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkokuori
ulkokuva                                :S:Nom:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvan                               :S:Gen:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvaa                               :S:Par:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvaan                              :S:Ill:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvalle                             :S:All:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvana                              :S:Ess:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvien                              :P:Gen:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvain                              :P:Gen:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvia                               :P:Par:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvista                             :P:Ela:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuviin                              :P:Ill:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuville                             :P:All:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvina                              :P:Ess:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuviksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvin                               :P:Ins:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvine                              :P:Kom:                   ulkokuva
ulkokuvaus                              :S:Nom:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvausta                            :S:Par:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvaukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvaukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvaukselle                         :S:All:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvaukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvaukset                           :P:Nom:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvausten                           :P:Gen:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksien                          :P:Gen:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksia                           :P:Par:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksille                         :P:All:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokuvauksine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkokuvaus
ulkokynttilä                            :S:Nom:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilän                           :S:Gen:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilää                           :S:Par:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilässä                         :S:Ine:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilästä                         :S:Ela:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilään                          :S:Ill:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilällä                         :S:Ade:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilältä                         :S:Abl:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilälle                         :S:All:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilänä                          :S:Ess:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttiläksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilättä                         :S:Abe:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilät                           :P:Nom:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöiden                        :P:Gen:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöitten                       :P:Gen:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttiläin                          :P:Gen:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöitä                         :P:Par:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöissä                        :P:Ine:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöistä                        :P:Ela:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöillä                        :P:Ade:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöille                        :P:All:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöinä                         :P:Ess:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöittä                        :P:Abe:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokynttilöine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkokynttilä
ulkokäymälä                             :S:Nom:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälän                            :S:Gen:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälää                            :S:Par:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälässä                          :S:Ine:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälästä                          :S:Ela:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälään                           :S:Ill:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälällä                          :S:Ade:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälältä                          :S:Abl:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälälle                          :S:All:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälänä                           :S:Ess:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymäläksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälättä                          :S:Abe:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälät                            :P:Nom:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöiden                         :P:Gen:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöitten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymäläin                           :P:Gen:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöitä                          :P:Par:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöissä                         :P:Ine:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöistä                         :P:Ela:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöillä                         :P:Ade:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöille                         :P:All:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöinä                          :P:Ess:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöittä                         :P:Abe:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkokäymälöine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkokäymälä
ulkolainen                              :S:Nom:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisen                              :S:Gen:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaista                              :S:Par:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisella                            :S:Ade:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaiselle                            :S:All:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisena                             :S:Ess:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaiset                              :P:Nom:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisten                             :P:Gen:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisin                              :P:Gen:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisia                              :P:Par:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisille                            :P:All:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaisine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkolainen
ulkolaita                               :S:Nom:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidalle                            :S:All:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidoille                           :P:All:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaidoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkolaita
ulkolaitamoottori                       :S:Nom:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorin                      :S:Gen:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoria                      :S:Par:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorissa                    :S:Ine:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorista                    :S:Ela:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoriin                     :S:Ill:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorilla                    :S:Ade:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorilta                    :S:Abl:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorille                    :S:All:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorina                     :S:Ess:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoriksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoritta                    :S:Abe:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorit                      :P:Nom:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorien                     :P:Gen:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreiden                   :P:Gen:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreitten                  :P:Gen:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreja                     :P:Par:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreita                    :P:Par:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreissa                   :P:Ine:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreista                   :P:Ela:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreihin                   :P:Ill:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreilla                   :P:Ade:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreilta                   :P:Abl:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreille                   :P:All:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreina                    :P:Ess:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottorein                     :P:Ins:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreitta                   :P:Abe:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkolaitamoottoreine                    :P:Kom:                   ulkolaitamoottori
ulkoleikki                              :S:Nom:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikin                              :S:Gen:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikkiä                             :S:Par:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikissä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikistä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikkiin                            :S:Ill:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikillä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikiltä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikille                            :S:All:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikkinä                            :S:Ess:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikiksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikittä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikit                              :P:Nom:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikkien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikkejä                            :P:Par:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikeissä                           :P:Ine:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikeistä                           :P:Ela:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikkeihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikeillä                           :P:Ade:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikeiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikeille                           :P:All:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikkeinä                           :P:Ess:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikein                             :P:Ins:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikeittä                           :P:Abe:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoleikkeine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkoleikki
ulkoliikunta                            :S:Nom:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnan                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntaa                           :S:Par:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnassa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnasta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntaan                          :S:Ill:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnalla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnalta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnalle                         :S:All:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntana                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnatta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnat                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntojen                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntain                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntoja                          :P:Par:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnoille                        :P:All:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntoina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikunnoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkoliikuntoine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoliikunta
ulkolinjapuhelu                         :S:Nom:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelun                        :S:Gen:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelua                        :S:Par:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelussa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelusta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluun                       :S:Ill:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelulla                      :S:Ade:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelulta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelulle                      :S:All:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluna                       :S:Ess:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelutta                      :S:Abe:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelut                        :P:Nom:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuhelujen                      :P:Gen:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluiden                     :P:Gen:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluitten                    :P:Gen:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluja                       :P:Par:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluita                      :P:Par:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluista                     :P:Ela:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluihin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluille                     :P:All:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluina                      :P:Ess:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluin                       :P:Ins:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkolinjapuheluine                      :P:Kom:                   ulkolinjapuhelu
ulkoluku                                :S:Nom:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvun                               :S:Gen:                   ulkoluku
ulkolukua                               :S:Par:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvussa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvusta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkoluku
ulkolukuun                              :S:Ill:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvulla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvulta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvulle                             :S:All:                   ulkoluku
ulkolukuna                              :S:Ess:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvutta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvut                               :P:Nom:                   ulkoluku
ulkolukujen                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoluku
ulkolukuja                              :P:Par:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkoluku
ulkolukuihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuille                            :P:All:                   ulkoluku
ulkolukuina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluvuitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkoluku
ulkolukuine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkoluku
ulkoluoto                               :S:Nom:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodon                              :S:Gen:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluotoa                              :S:Par:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodossa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodosta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluotoon                             :S:Ill:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodolla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodolta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodolle                            :S:All:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluotona                             :S:Ess:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodotta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodot                              :P:Nom:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluotojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluotoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluotoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoille                           :P:All:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluotoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluodoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkoluoto
ulkoluotoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkoluoto
ulkolähetti                             :S:Nom:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetin                             :S:Gen:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähettiä                            :S:Par:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetissä                           :S:Ine:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetistä                           :S:Ela:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähettiin                           :S:Ill:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetillä                           :S:Ade:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetiltä                           :S:Abl:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetille                           :S:All:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähettinä                           :S:Ess:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetiksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetittä                           :S:Abe:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetit                             :P:Nom:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähettien                           :P:Gen:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähettejä                           :P:Par:                   ulkolähetti
ulkoläheteissä                          :P:Ine:                   ulkolähetti
ulkoläheteistä                          :P:Ela:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetteihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkolähetti
ulkoläheteillä                          :P:Ade:                   ulkolähetti
ulkoläheteiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ulkolähetti
ulkoläheteille                          :P:All:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetteinä                          :P:Ess:                   ulkolähetti
ulkoläheteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetein                            :P:Ins:                   ulkolähetti
ulkoläheteittä                          :P:Abe:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetteine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkolähetti
ulkolähetys                             :S:Nom:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksen                          :S:Gen:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetystä                           :S:Par:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksessä                        :S:Ine:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksestä                        :S:Ela:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetykseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksellä                        :S:Ade:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetykseltä                        :S:Abl:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetykselle                        :S:All:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksenä                         :S:Ess:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetykseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksettä                        :S:Abe:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetykset                          :P:Nom:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetysten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksiä                          :P:Par:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksille                        :P:All:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetyksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkolähetys
ulkolähetysauto                         :S:Nom:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysauton                        :S:Gen:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoa                        :S:Par:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautossa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautosta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoon                       :S:Ill:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautolla                      :S:Ade:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautolta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautolle                      :S:All:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautona                       :S:Ess:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautotta                      :S:Abe:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautot                        :P:Nom:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautojen                      :P:Gen:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoja                       :P:Par:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoista                     :P:Ela:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoihin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoille                     :P:All:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoina                      :P:Ess:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoin                       :P:Ins:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkolähetysautoine                      :P:Kom:                   ulkolähetysauto
ulkoläksy                               :S:Nom:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyn                              :S:Gen:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyä                              :S:Par:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyssä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksystä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyyn                             :S:Ill:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyllä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyltä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksylle                            :S:All:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksynä                             :S:Ess:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyttä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyt                              :P:Nom:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyjen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyjä                             :P:Par:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyissä                           :P:Ine:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyistä                           :P:Ela:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyillä                           :P:Ade:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyille                           :P:All:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyinä                            :P:Ess:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyittä                           :P:Abe:                   ulkoläksy
ulkoläksyine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkoläksy
ulkolämpötila                           :S:Nom:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilan                          :S:Gen:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilaa                          :S:Par:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilassa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilasta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilaan                         :S:Ill:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilalla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilalta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilalle                        :S:All:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilana                         :S:Ess:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilatta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilat                          :P:Nom:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilojen                        :P:Gen:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötilain                         :P:Gen:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloja                         :P:Par:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloille                       :P:All:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkolämpötiloine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkolämpötila
ulkoläpimitta                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitan                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittaa                          :S:Par:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitassa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitasta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittaan                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitalla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitalta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitalle                         :S:All:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittana                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitatta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitat                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittojen                        :P:Gen:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittain                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittoja                         :P:Par:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitoille                        :P:All:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittoina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimitoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkoläpimittoine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoläpimitta
ulkomaa                                 :S:Nom:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaan                                :S:Gen:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaata                               :S:Par:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaassa                              :S:Ine:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaasta                              :S:Ela:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaahan                              :S:Ill:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaalla                              :S:Ade:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaalta                              :S:Abl:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaalle                              :S:All:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaana                               :S:Ess:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaaksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaatta                              :S:Abe:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaat                                :P:Nom:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaiden                              :P:Gen:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaitten                             :P:Gen:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaita                               :P:Par:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaissa                              :P:Ine:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaista                              :P:Ela:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaihin                              :P:Ill:                   ulkomaa
ulkomailla                              :P:Ade:                   ulkomaa
ulkomailta                              :P:Abl:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaille                              :P:All:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaina                               :P:Ess:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ulkomaa
ulkomain                                :P:Ins:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaitta                              :P:Abe:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaine                               :P:Kom:                   ulkomaa
ulkomaailma                             :S:Nom:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailman                            :S:Gen:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmaa                            :S:Par:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmassa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmasta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmaan                           :S:Ill:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmalla                          :S:Ade:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmalta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmalle                          :S:All:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmana                           :S:Ess:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmatta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmat                            :P:Nom:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoiden                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoitten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmojen                          :P:Gen:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmain                           :P:Gen:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoita                          :P:Par:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoja                           :P:Par:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoille                         :P:All:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaailmoine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkomaailma
ulkomaalainen                           :S:Nom:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaista                           :S:Par:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaiselle                         :S:All:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaiset                           :P:Nom:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisin                           :P:Gen:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisia                           :P:Par:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisille                         :P:All:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkomaalainen
ulkomaalaisomistus                      :S:Nom:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksen                   :S:Gen:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistusta                    :S:Par:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksessa                 :S:Ine:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksesta                 :S:Ela:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistukseen                  :S:Ill:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksella                 :S:Ade:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistukselta                 :S:Abl:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistukselle                 :S:All:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksena                  :S:Ess:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistukseksi                 :S:Tra:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksetta                 :S:Abe:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistukset                   :P:Nom:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistusten                   :P:Gen:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksien                  :P:Gen:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksia                   :P:Par:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksista                 :P:Ela:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksille                 :P:All:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksina                  :P:Ess:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksin                   :P:Ins:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisomistuksine                  :P:Kom:                   ulkomaalaisomistus
ulkomaalaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   ulkomaalaisuus
ulkomaalaus                             :S:Nom:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksen                          :S:Gen:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalausta                           :S:Par:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksessa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksesta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalaukseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksella                        :S:Ade:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalaukselta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalaukselle                        :S:All:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksena                         :S:Ess:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalaukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksetta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalaukset                          :P:Nom:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalausten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksia                          :P:Par:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksille                        :P:All:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaalauksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkomaalaus
ulkomaali                               :S:Nom:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalin                              :S:Gen:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalia                              :S:Par:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalissa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalista                            :S:Ela:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaliin                             :S:Ill:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalilla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalilta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalille                            :S:All:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalina                             :S:Ess:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaliksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalitta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalit                              :P:Nom:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleja                             :P:Par:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleille                           :P:All:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaalein                             :P:Ins:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaaleine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkomaali
ulkomaanapu                             :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavun                            :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanapua                            :S:Par:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavussa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavusta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanapuun                           :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavulla                          :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavulta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavulle                          :S:All:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanapuna                           :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavutta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavut                            :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanapujen                          :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanapuja                           :P:Par:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanapuihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuille                         :P:All:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanapuina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanavuitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanapuine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanapu
ulkomaanedustus                         :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksen                      :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustusta                       :S:Par:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksessa                    :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksesta                    :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustukseen                     :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksella                    :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustukselta                    :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustukselle                    :S:All:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksena                     :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksetta                    :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustukset                      :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustusten                      :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksien                     :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksia                      :P:Par:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksista                    :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksille                    :P:All:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksina                     :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksin                      :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanedustuksine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanedustus
ulkomaanelävä                           :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävän                          :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävää                          :S:Par:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävässä                        :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävästä                        :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävään                         :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävällä                        :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävältä                        :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävälle                        :S:All:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävänä                         :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaaneläväksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävättä                        :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävät                          :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaaneläväin                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaaneläviä                          :P:Par:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävissä                        :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävistä                        :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaaneläviin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävillä                        :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaaneläviltä                        :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaaneläville                        :P:All:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävinä                         :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaaneläviksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävittä                        :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaanelävine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanelävä
ulkomaankauppa                          :S:Nom:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupan                          :S:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppaa                         :S:Par:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupassa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupasta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppaan                        :S:Ill:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupalla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupalta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupalle                        :S:All:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppana                        :S:Ess:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupatta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupat                          :P:Nom:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppojen                       :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppain                        :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppoja                        :P:Par:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupoissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupoista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppoihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupoilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupoilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupoille                       :P:All:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppoina                       :P:Ess:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupoin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankaupoitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppoine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkomaankauppa
ulkomaankauppaministeri                 :S:Nom:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerin                :S:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministeriä                :S:Par:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerissä              :S:Ine:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministeristä              :S:Ela:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministeriin               :S:Ill:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerillä              :S:Ade:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministeriltä              :S:Abl:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerille              :S:All:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerinä               :S:Ess:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministeriksi              :S:Tra:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerittä              :S:Abe:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerit                :P:Nom:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerien               :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereiden             :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereitten            :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerejä               :P:Par:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereitä              :P:Par:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereissä             :P:Ine:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereistä             :P:Ela:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereihin             :P:Ill:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereillä             :P:Ade:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereiltä             :P:Abl:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereille             :P:All:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereinä              :P:Ess:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereiksi             :P:Tra:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministerein               :P:Ins:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereittä             :P:Abe:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppaministereine              :P:Kom:                   ulkomaankauppaministeri
ulkomaankauppapolitiikka                :S:Nom:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikan                :S:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkaa               :S:Par:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikassa              :S:Ine:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikasta              :S:Ela:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkaan              :S:Ill:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikalla              :S:Ade:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikalta              :S:Abl:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikalle              :S:All:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkana              :S:Ess:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikaksi              :S:Tra:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikatta              :S:Abe:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikat                :P:Nom:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkojen             :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkain              :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkoja              :P:Par:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikoissa             :P:Ine:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikoista             :P:Ela:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkoihin            :P:Ill:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikoilla             :P:Ade:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikoilta             :P:Abl:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikoille             :P:All:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkoina             :P:Ess:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikoiksi             :P:Tra:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikoin               :P:Ins:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikoitta             :P:Abe:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankauppapolitiikkoine             :P:Kom:                   ulkomaankauppapolitiikka
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja                 :S:Nom:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajan                :S:Gen:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajaa                :S:Par:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajassa              :S:Ine:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajasta              :S:Ela:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajaan               :S:Ill:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajalla              :S:Ade:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajalta              :S:Abl:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajalle              :S:All:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajana               :S:Ess:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajaksi              :S:Tra:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajatta              :S:Abe:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajat                :P:Nom:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajien               :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajain               :P:Gen:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajia                :P:Par:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajissa              :P:Ine:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajista              :P:Ela:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajiin               :P:Ill:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajilla              :P:Ade:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajilta              :P:Abl:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajille              :P:All:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajina               :P:Ess:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajiksi              :P:Tra:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajin                :P:Ins:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajitta              :P:Abe:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaankirjeenvaihtajine               :P:Kom:                   ulkomaankirjeenvaihtaja
ulkomaanlehtori                         :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorin                        :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoria                        :S:Par:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorissa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorista                      :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoriin                       :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorilla                      :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorilta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorille                      :S:All:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorina                       :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoriksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoritta                      :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorit                        :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorien                       :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreiden                     :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreitten                    :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreja                       :P:Par:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreita                      :P:Par:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreista                     :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreihin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreille                     :P:All:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreina                      :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtorein                       :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanlehtoreine                      :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanlehtori
ulkomaanliikenne                        :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteen                      :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikennettä                     :S:Par:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteessä                    :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteestä                    :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteeseen                   :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteellä                    :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteeltä                    :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteelle                    :S:All:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteenä                     :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteeksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteettä                    :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteet                      :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteiden                    :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenneitten                   :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteitä                     :P:Par:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteissä                    :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteistä                    :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteisiin                   :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteihin                    :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteillä                    :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteille                    :P:All:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteinä                     :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikentein                      :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteittä                    :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanliikenteine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanliikenne
ulkomaanmarkkina                        :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinan                       :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinaa                       :S:Par:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinassa                     :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinasta                     :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinaan                      :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinalla                     :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinalta                     :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinalle                     :S:All:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinana                      :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinaksi                     :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinatta                     :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinat                       :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoiden                    :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoitten                   :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinain                      :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoita                     :P:Par:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoissa                    :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoista                    :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoihin                    :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoilla                    :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoilta                    :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoille                    :P:All:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoina                     :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoin                      :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoitta                    :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmarkkinoine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanmarkkinat
ulkomaanmatka                           :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkan                          :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkaa                          :S:Par:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkassa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkasta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkaan                         :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkalla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkalta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkalle                        :S:All:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkana                         :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkatta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkat                          :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkojen                        :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkain                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoja                         :P:Par:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoille                       :P:All:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkoine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanmatka
ulkomaanmatkailu                        :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailun                       :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailua                       :S:Par:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailussa                     :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailusta                     :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuun                      :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailulla                     :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailulta                     :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailulle                     :S:All:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuna                      :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuksi                     :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailutta                     :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailut                       :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailujen                     :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuiden                    :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuitten                   :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuja                      :P:Par:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuita                     :P:Par:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuissa                    :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuista                    :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuihin                    :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuilla                    :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuilta                    :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuille                    :P:All:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuina                     :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuin                      :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuitta                    :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanmatkailuine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanmatkailu
ulkomaanosasto                          :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosaston                         :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoa                         :S:Par:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastossa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastosta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoon                        :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastolla                       :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastolta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastolle                       :S:All:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastona                        :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastotta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastot                         :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastojen                       :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoiden                      :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoitten                     :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoja                        :P:Par:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoita                       :P:Par:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoissa                      :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoista                      :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoilla                      :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoilta                      :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoille                      :P:All:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoina                       :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoin                        :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoitta                      :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanosastoine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanosasto
ulkomaanpassi                           :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassin                          :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassia                          :S:Par:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassissa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassista                        :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassiin                         :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassilla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassilta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassille                        :S:All:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassina                         :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassiksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassitta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassit                          :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseja                         :P:Par:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseille                       :P:All:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpassein                         :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpasseine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanpassi
ulkomaanpuhelu                          :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelun                         :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelua                         :S:Par:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelussa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelusta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluun                        :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelulla                       :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelulta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelulle                       :S:All:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluna                        :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelutta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelut                         :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuhelujen                       :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluiden                      :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluitten                     :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluja                        :P:Par:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluita                       :P:Par:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluissa                      :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluista                      :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluilla                      :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluilta                      :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluille                      :P:All:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluina                       :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluin                        :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluitta                      :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanpuheluine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanpuhelu
ulkomaanraha                            :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahan                           :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahaa                           :S:Par:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahassa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahasta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahaan                          :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahalla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahalta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahalle                         :S:All:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahana                          :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahatta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahat                           :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahojen                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahain                          :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoja                          :P:Par:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoille                        :P:All:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaanrahoine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanraha
ulkomaansuhde                           :S:Nom:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhdetta                        :S:Par:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteeseen                      :S:Ill:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteelta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteelle                       :S:All:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteet                         :P:Nom:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteiden                       :P:Gen:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhdeitten                      :P:Gen:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteita                        :P:Par:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteille                       :P:All:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhtein                         :P:Ins:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaansuhteine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkomaansuhteet
ulkomaantoimittaja                      :S:Nom:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajan                     :S:Gen:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajaa                     :S:Par:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajassa                   :S:Ine:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajasta                   :S:Ela:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajaan                    :S:Ill:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajalla                   :S:Ade:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajalta                   :S:Abl:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajalle                   :S:All:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajana                    :S:Ess:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajaksi                   :S:Tra:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajatta                   :S:Abe:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajat                     :P:Nom:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajien                    :P:Gen:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajain                    :P:Gen:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajia                     :P:Par:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajissa                   :P:Ine:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajista                   :P:Ela:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajiin                    :P:Ill:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajilla                   :P:Ade:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajilta                   :P:Abl:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajille                   :P:All:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajina                    :P:Ess:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajin                     :P:Ins:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajitta                   :P:Abe:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantoimittajine                    :P:Kom:                   ulkomaantoimittaja
ulkomaantyöntekijä                      :S:Nom:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijän                     :S:Gen:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijää                     :S:Par:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijässä                   :S:Ine:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijästä                   :S:Ela:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijään                    :S:Ill:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijällä                   :S:Ade:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijältä                   :S:Abl:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijälle                   :S:All:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijänä                    :S:Ess:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijäksi                   :S:Tra:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijättä                   :S:Abe:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijät                     :P:Nom:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöiden                  :P:Gen:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöitten                 :P:Gen:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijäin                    :P:Gen:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöitä                   :P:Par:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöissä                  :P:Ine:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöistä                  :P:Ela:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöihin                  :P:Ill:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöillä                  :P:Ade:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöiltä                  :P:Abl:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöille                  :P:All:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöinä                   :P:Ess:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöin                    :P:Ins:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöittä                  :P:Abe:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaantyöntekijöine                   :P:Kom:                   ulkomaantyöntekijä
ulkomaanuutinen                         :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutista                         :S:Par:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutiseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutiselta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutiselle                       :S:All:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutiset                         :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisin                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisia                         :P:Par:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisille                       :P:All:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanuutisine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanuutinen
ulkomaanvaluutta                        :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutan                        :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttaa                       :S:Par:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutassa                      :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutasta                      :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttaan                      :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutalla                      :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutalta                      :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutalle                      :S:All:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttana                      :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutaksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutatta                      :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutat                        :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttojen                     :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttain                      :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttoja                      :P:Par:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutoissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutoista                     :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttoihin                    :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutoilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutoilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutoille                     :P:All:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttoina                     :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutoin                       :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluutoitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvaluuttoine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanvaluutta
ulkomaanvelka                           :S:Nom:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelan                           :S:Gen:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkaa                          :S:Par:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelassa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelasta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkaan                         :S:Ill:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelalla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelalta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelalle                         :S:All:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkana                         :S:Ess:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelatta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelat                           :P:Nom:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkojen                        :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkain                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkoja                         :P:Par:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanveloissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanveloista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanveloilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanveloilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanveloille                        :P:All:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkoina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanveloiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanveloin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanveloitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomaanvelkoine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkomaanvelka
ulkomainen                              :S:Nom:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisen                              :S:Gen:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaista                              :S:Par:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisella                            :S:Ade:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaiselle                            :S:All:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisena                             :S:Ess:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaiset                              :P:Nom:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisten                             :P:Gen:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisin                              :P:Gen:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisia                              :P:Par:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisille                            :P:All:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkomainen
ulkomaisine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkomainen
ulkomainonta                            :S:Nom:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnan                           :S:Gen:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontaa                           :S:Par:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnassa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnasta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontaan                          :S:Ill:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnalla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnalta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnalle                         :S:All:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontana                          :S:Ess:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnatta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnat                           :P:Nom:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontojen                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontain                          :P:Gen:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontoja                          :P:Par:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnoille                        :P:All:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontoina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainonnoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainontoine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkomainonta
ulkomainos                              :S:Nom:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainosta                            :S:Par:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainokseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainokselta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainokselle                         :S:All:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainokseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainokset                           :P:Nom:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainosten                           :P:Gen:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksien                          :P:Gen:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksia                           :P:Par:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksista                         :P:Ela:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksille                         :P:All:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksina                          :P:Ess:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulkomainos
ulkomainoksine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkomainos
ulkomaisuus                             :S:Nom:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuden                           :S:Gen:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuutta                           :S:Par:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuudella                         :S:Ade:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuudelle                         :S:All:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuutena                          :S:Ess:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuutta                           :S:Abe:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuudet                           :P:Nom:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksia                          :P:Par:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksille                        :P:All:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomaisuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkomaisuus
ulkomeri                                :S:Nom:                   ulkomeri
ulkomeren                               :S:Gen:                   ulkomeri
ulkomertä                               :S:Par:                   ulkomeri
ulkomeressä                             :S:Ine:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerestä                             :S:Ela:                   ulkomeri
ulkomereen                              :S:Ill:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerellä                             :S:Ade:                   ulkomeri
ulkomereltä                             :S:Abl:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerelle                             :S:All:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerenä                              :S:Ess:                   ulkomeri
ulkomereksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerettä                             :S:Abe:                   ulkomeri
ulkomeret                               :P:Nom:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerien                              :P:Gen:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerten                              :P:Gen:                   ulkomeri
ulkomeriä                               :P:Par:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerissä                             :P:Ine:                   ulkomeri
ulkomeristä                             :P:Ela:                   ulkomeri
ulkomeriin                              :P:Ill:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerillä                             :P:Ade:                   ulkomeri
ulkomeriltä                             :P:Abl:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerille                             :P:All:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerinä                              :P:Ess:                   ulkomeri
ulkomeriksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerin                               :P:Ins:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerittä                             :P:Abe:                   ulkomeri
ulkomerine                              :P:Kom:                   ulkomeri
ulkoministeri                           :S:Nom:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerin                          :S:Gen:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministeriä                          :S:Par:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerissä                        :S:Ine:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministeristä                        :S:Ela:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministeriin                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerillä                        :S:Ade:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministeriltä                        :S:Abl:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerille                        :S:All:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerinä                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministeriksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerittä                        :S:Abe:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerit                          :P:Nom:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereiden                       :P:Gen:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereitten                      :P:Gen:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerejä                         :P:Par:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereitä                        :P:Par:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereissä                       :P:Ine:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereistä                       :P:Ela:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereillä                       :P:Ade:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereille                       :P:All:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereinä                        :P:Ess:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministerein                         :P:Ins:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereittä                       :P:Abe:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministereine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkoministeri
ulkoministeriö                          :S:Nom:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriön                         :S:Gen:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriötä                        :S:Par:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriössä                       :S:Ine:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöstä                       :S:Ela:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöön                        :S:Ill:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöllä                       :S:Ade:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöltä                       :S:Abl:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriölle                       :S:All:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriönä                        :S:Ess:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöttä                       :S:Abe:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöt                         :P:Nom:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöiden                      :P:Gen:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöitten                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöitä                       :P:Par:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöissä                      :P:Ine:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöistä                      :P:Ela:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöillä                      :P:Ade:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöille                      :P:All:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöinä                       :P:Ess:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöin                        :P:Ins:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöittä                      :P:Abe:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkoministeriöine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkoministeriö
ulkomitta                               :S:Nom:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitan                               :S:Gen:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitalle                             :S:All:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitoista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitoille                            :P:All:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitoin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkomitta
ulkomitoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkomitta
ulkomittoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkomitta
ulkomuisti                              :S:Nom:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistin                             :S:Gen:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistia                             :S:Par:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistissa                           :S:Ine:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistista                           :S:Ela:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistiin                            :S:Ill:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistilla                           :S:Ade:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistilta                           :S:Abl:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistille                           :S:All:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistina                            :S:Ess:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistiksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistitta                           :S:Abe:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistit                             :P:Nom:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteja                            :P:Par:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteista                          :P:Ela:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteille                          :P:All:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteina                           :P:Ess:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuistein                            :P:Ins:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuisteine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkomuisti
ulkomuoto                               :S:Nom:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodon                              :S:Gen:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuotoa                              :S:Par:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodossa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodosta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuotoon                             :S:Ill:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodolla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodolta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodolle                            :S:All:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuotona                             :S:Ess:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodotta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodot                              :P:Nom:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuotojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuotoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuotoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoille                           :P:All:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuotoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuodoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuotoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkomuoto
ulkomuseo                               :S:Nom:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseon                              :S:Gen:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseota                             :S:Par:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseossa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseosta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoon                             :S:Ill:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseolla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseolta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseolle                            :S:All:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseona                             :S:Ess:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseotta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseot                              :P:Nom:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoiden                           :P:Gen:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoitten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoita                            :P:Par:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoille                           :P:All:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkomuseo
ulkomuseoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkomuseo
ulkonainen                              :S:Nom:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisen                              :S:Gen:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaista                              :S:Par:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisella                            :S:Ade:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaiselle                            :S:All:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisena                             :S:Ess:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaiset                              :P:Nom:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisten                             :P:Gen:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisin                              :P:Gen:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisia                              :P:Par:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisille                            :P:All:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaisine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkonainen
ulkonaliikkumiskielto                   :S:Nom:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskiellon                  :S:Gen:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskieltoa                  :S:Par:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskiellossa                :S:Ine:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskiellosta                :S:Ela:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskieltoon                 :S:Ill:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskiellolla                :S:Ade:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskiellolta                :S:Abl:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskiellolle                :S:All:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskieltona                 :S:Ess:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloksi                :S:Tra:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskiellotta                :S:Abe:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskiellot                  :P:Nom:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskieltojen                :P:Gen:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskieltoja                 :P:Par:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloissa               :P:Ine:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloista               :P:Ela:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskieltoihin               :P:Ill:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloilla               :P:Ade:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloilta               :P:Abl:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloille               :P:All:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskieltoina                :P:Ess:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloiksi               :P:Tra:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloin                 :P:Ins:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskielloitta               :P:Abe:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonaliikkumiskieltoine                :P:Kom:                   ulkonaliikkumiskielto
ulkonnen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkonee
ulkonnet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkonnee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkonnette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkonnevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkontaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonne                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonne                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonne                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonne                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonne                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonne                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonnin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulkonee
ulkonnit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkonni                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkonnitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkonnivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonnnen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkonee
ulkonnnet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkonnnee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnnemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkonnnette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkonnnevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonnisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulkonee
ulkonnisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkonnisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkonnisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkonnisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonne                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkontkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkontkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkontkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkontkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonne                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkontko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkontko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkontko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkontko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonta                                 :Inf1:                    ulkonee
ulkontakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ulkonee
ulkontessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulkonee
ulkonttaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulkonee
ulkonten                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulkonee
ulkonnemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulkonee
ulkonnemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulkonee
ulkonnemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulkonee
ulkonnemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulkonee
ulkonnematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulkonee
ulkonneman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulkonee
ulkonttaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulkonee
ulkonneminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ulkonee
ulkonnemista                            :Inf4:Par:                ulkonee
ulkonnemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ulkonee
ulkonneva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulkonee
ulkonttava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnema                               :Cip:Age:                 ulkonee
ulkonnematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulkonee
ulkonnnut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonnneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulkonee
ulkonttu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulkonee
ulkonema                                :S:Nom:                   ulkonema
ulkoneman                               :S:Gen:                   ulkonema
ulkonemaa                               :S:Par:                   ulkonema
ulkonemassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkonema
ulkonemasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkonema
ulkonemaan                              :S:Ill:                   ulkonema
ulkonemalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkonema
ulkonemalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkonema
ulkonemalle                             :S:All:                   ulkonema
ulkonemana                              :S:Ess:                   ulkonema
ulkonemaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkonema
ulkonematta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkonema
ulkonemat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkonema
ulkonemien                              :P:Gen:                   ulkonema
ulkonemain                              :P:Gen:                   ulkonema
ulkonemia                               :P:Par:                   ulkonema
ulkonemissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulkonema
ulkonemista                             :P:Ela:                   ulkonema
ulkonemiin                              :P:Ill:                   ulkonema
ulkonemilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulkonema
ulkonemilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulkonema
ulkonemille                             :P:All:                   ulkonema
ulkonemina                              :P:Ess:                   ulkonema
ulkonemiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulkonema
ulkonemin                               :P:Ins:                   ulkonema
ulkonemitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulkonema
ulkonemine                              :P:Kom:                   ulkonema
ulkoneva                                :S:Nom:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevan                               :S:Gen:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevaa                               :S:Par:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevaan                              :S:Ill:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevalle                             :S:All:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevana                              :S:Ess:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevien                              :P:Gen:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevain                              :P:Gen:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevia                               :P:Par:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevista                             :P:Ela:                   ulkoneva
ulkoneviin                              :P:Ill:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulkoneva
ulkoneville                             :P:All:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevina                              :P:Ess:                   ulkoneva
ulkoneviksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevin                               :P:Ins:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulkoneva
ulkonevine                              :P:Kom:                   ulkoneva
ulkonurkka                              :S:Nom:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkaa                             :S:Par:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkaan                            :S:Ill:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkalle                            :S:All:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkana                            :S:Ess:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkain                            :P:Gen:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkia                             :P:Par:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkiin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkille                            :P:All:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonurkkine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkonurkka
ulkonäkö                                :S:Nom:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäön                                :S:Gen:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäköä                               :S:Par:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäössä                              :S:Ine:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöstä                              :S:Ela:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäköön                              :S:Ill:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöllä                              :S:Ade:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöltä                              :S:Abl:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäölle                              :S:All:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäkönä                              :S:Ess:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöttä                              :S:Abe:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöt                                :P:Nom:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäköjen                             :P:Gen:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäköjä                              :P:Par:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöissä                             :P:Ine:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöistä                             :P:Ela:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäköihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöillä                             :P:Ade:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöille                             :P:All:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäköinä                             :P:Ess:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöin                               :P:Ins:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäöittä                             :P:Abe:                   ulkonäkö
ulkonäköine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkonäkö
ulko-osa                                :S:Nom:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osan                               :S:Gen:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osaa                               :S:Par:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osaan                              :S:Ill:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osalle                             :S:All:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osana                              :S:Ess:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osat                               :P:Nom:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osien                              :P:Gen:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osain                              :P:Gen:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osia                               :P:Par:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osista                             :P:Ela:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osiin                              :P:Ill:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osille                             :P:All:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osina                              :P:Ess:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osin                               :P:Ins:                   ulko-osa
ulko-ositta                             :P:Abe:                   ulko-osa
ulko-osine                              :P:Kom:                   ulko-osa
ulko-ovi                                :S:Nom:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-oven                               :S:Gen:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovea                               :S:Par:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovessa                             :S:Ine:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovesta                             :S:Ela:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-oveen                              :S:Ill:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovella                             :S:Ade:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovelta                             :S:Abl:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovelle                             :S:All:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovena                              :S:Ess:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-oveksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovetta                             :S:Abe:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovet                               :P:Nom:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovien                              :P:Gen:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovia                               :P:Par:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovista                             :P:Ela:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-oviin                              :P:Ill:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-oville                             :P:All:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovina                              :P:Ess:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-oviksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovin                               :P:Ins:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulko-ovi
ulko-ovine                              :P:Kom:                   ulko-ovi
ulkopaikallissija                       :S:Nom:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijan                      :S:Gen:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijaa                      :S:Par:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijassa                    :S:Ine:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijasta                    :S:Ela:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijaan                     :S:Ill:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijalla                    :S:Ade:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijalta                    :S:Abl:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijalle                    :S:All:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijana                     :S:Ess:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijaksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijatta                    :S:Abe:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijat                      :P:Nom:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijojen                    :P:Gen:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijain                     :P:Gen:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoja                     :P:Par:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoissa                   :P:Ine:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoista                   :P:Ela:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoihin                   :P:Ill:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoilla                   :P:Ade:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoilta                   :P:Abl:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoille                   :P:All:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoina                    :P:Ess:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoin                     :P:Ins:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoitta                   :P:Abe:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikallissijoine                    :P:Kom:                   ulkopaikallissija
ulkopaikkakuntalainen                   :S:Nom:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisen                   :S:Gen:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaista                   :S:Par:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisessa                 :S:Ine:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisesta                 :S:Ela:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaiseen                  :S:Ill:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisella                 :S:Ade:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaiselta                 :S:Abl:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaiselle                 :S:All:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisena                  :S:Ess:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaiseksi                 :S:Tra:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisetta                 :S:Abe:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaiset                   :P:Nom:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisten                  :P:Gen:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisin                   :P:Gen:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisia                   :P:Par:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisissa                 :P:Ine:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisista                 :P:Ela:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisiin                  :P:Ill:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisilla                 :P:Ade:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisilta                 :P:Abl:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisille                 :P:All:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisina                  :P:Ess:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisin                   :P:Ins:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisitta                 :P:Abe:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaikkakuntalaisine                  :P:Kom:                   ulkopaikkakuntalainen
ulkopaisti                              :S:Nom:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistin                             :S:Gen:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistia                             :S:Par:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistissa                           :S:Ine:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistista                           :S:Ela:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistiin                            :S:Ill:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistilla                           :S:Ade:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistilta                           :S:Abl:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistille                           :S:All:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistina                            :S:Ess:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistiksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistitta                           :S:Abe:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistit                             :P:Nom:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteja                            :P:Par:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteista                          :P:Ela:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteille                          :P:All:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteina                           :P:Ess:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaistein                            :P:Ins:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopaisteine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkopaisti
ulkopalvelus                            :S:Nom:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalvelusta                          :S:Par:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalvelukseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalvelukselta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalvelukselle                       :S:All:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalvelukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalvelukset                         :P:Nom:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalvelusten                         :P:Gen:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksien                        :P:Gen:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksia                         :P:Par:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksille                       :P:All:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkopalveluksine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkopalvelus
ulkoparlamentaarinen                    :S:Nom:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisen                    :S:Gen:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarista                    :S:Par:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisessa                  :S:Ine:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisesta                  :S:Ela:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaariseen                   :S:Ill:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisella                  :S:Ade:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaariselta                  :S:Abl:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaariselle                  :S:All:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisena                   :S:Ess:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaariseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisetta                  :S:Abe:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaariset                    :P:Nom:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaaristen                   :P:Gen:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisin                    :P:Gen:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisia                    :P:Par:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisissa                  :P:Ine:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisista                  :P:Ela:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisiin                   :P:Ill:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisilla                  :P:Ade:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisilta                  :P:Abl:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisille                  :P:All:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisina                   :P:Ess:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisin                    :P:Ins:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisitta                  :P:Abe:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkoparlamentaarisine                   :P:Kom:                   ulkoparlamentaarinen
ulkopelaaja                             :S:Nom:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajan                            :S:Gen:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajaa                            :S:Par:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajassa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajasta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajaan                           :S:Ill:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajalla                          :S:Ade:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajalta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajalle                          :S:All:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajana                           :S:Ess:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajatta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajat                            :P:Nom:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajien                           :P:Gen:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajain                           :P:Gen:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajia                            :P:Par:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajista                          :P:Ela:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajiin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajille                          :P:All:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajina                           :P:Ess:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajin                            :P:Ins:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopelaajine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkopelaaja
ulkopeli                                :S:Nom:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelin                               :S:Gen:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeliä                               :S:Par:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelissä                             :S:Ine:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelistä                             :S:Ela:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeliin                              :S:Ill:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelillä                             :S:Ade:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeliltä                             :S:Abl:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelille                             :S:All:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelinä                              :S:Ess:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeliksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelittä                             :S:Abe:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelit                               :P:Nom:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelien                              :P:Gen:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelejä                              :P:Par:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleissä                            :P:Ine:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleistä                            :P:Ela:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleillä                            :P:Ade:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleille                            :P:All:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleinä                             :P:Ess:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkopeli
ulkopelein                              :P:Ins:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleittä                            :P:Abe:                   ulkopeli
ulkopeleine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkopeli
ulkopiiri                               :S:Nom:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirin                              :S:Gen:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiiriä                              :S:Par:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirissä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiiristä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiiriin                             :S:Ill:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirillä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiiriltä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirille                            :S:All:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirinä                             :S:Ess:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiiriksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirittä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirit                              :P:Nom:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirejä                             :P:Par:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireissä                           :P:Ine:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireistä                           :P:Ela:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireillä                           :P:Ade:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireille                           :P:All:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireinä                            :P:Ess:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiirein                             :P:Ins:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireittä                           :P:Abe:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopiireine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkopiiri
ulkopinta                               :S:Nom:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnalle                            :S:All:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnoille                           :P:All:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkopinta
ulkopinnoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkopinta
ulkopintoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkopinta
ulkopohja                               :S:Nom:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjalle                            :S:All:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjia                              :P:Par:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjille                            :P:All:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkopohja
ulkopohjine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkopohja
ulkopoliittinen                         :S:Nom:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittista                         :S:Par:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittiseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittiselta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittiselle                       :S:All:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittiset                         :P:Nom:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisin                         :P:Gen:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisia                         :P:Par:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisille                       :P:All:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopoliittisine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkopoliittinen
ulkopolitiikka                          :S:Nom:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikan                          :S:Gen:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkaa                         :S:Par:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikassa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikasta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkaan                        :S:Ill:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikalla                        :S:Ade:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikalta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikalle                        :S:All:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkana                        :S:Ess:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikatta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikat                          :P:Nom:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkojen                       :P:Gen:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkain                        :P:Gen:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkoja                        :P:Par:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikoissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikoista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkoihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikoilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikoilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikoille                       :P:All:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkoina                       :P:Ess:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikoin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikoitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopolitiikkoine                       :P:Kom:                   ulkopolitiikka
ulkopuoli                               :S:Nom:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolen                              :S:Gen:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolta                              :S:Par:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolessa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolesta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuoleen                             :S:Ill:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolella                            :S:Ade:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolelta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolelle                            :S:All:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolena                             :S:Ess:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuoleksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuoletta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolet                              :P:Nom:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolten                             :P:Gen:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolia                              :P:Par:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuoliin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolille                            :P:All:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuoliksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuoline                             :P:Kom:                   ulkopuoli
ulkopuolinen                            :S:Nom:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisen                            :S:Gen:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolista                            :S:Par:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuoliseen                           :S:Ill:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisella                          :S:Ade:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuoliselta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuoliselle                          :S:All:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisena                           :S:Ess:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuoliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuoliset                            :P:Nom:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisten                           :P:Gen:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisin                            :P:Gen:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisia                            :P:Par:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisista                          :P:Ela:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisille                          :P:All:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisina                           :P:Ess:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisin                            :P:Ins:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkopuolisine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkopuolinen
ulkorakennus                            :S:Nom:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennusta                          :S:Par:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennukseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennukselta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennukselle                       :S:All:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennukset                         :P:Nom:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennusten                         :P:Gen:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksien                        :P:Gen:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksia                         :P:Par:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksille                       :P:All:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorakennuksine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkorakennus
ulkorata                                :S:Nom:                   ulkorata
ulkoradan                               :S:Gen:                   ulkorata
ulkorataa                               :S:Par:                   ulkorata
ulkoradassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkorata
ulkoradasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkorata
ulkorataan                              :S:Ill:                   ulkorata
ulkoradalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkorata
ulkoradalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkorata
ulkoradalle                             :S:All:                   ulkorata
ulkoratana                              :S:Ess:                   ulkorata
ulkoradaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkorata
ulkoradatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkorata
ulkoradat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkorata
ulkoratojen                             :P:Gen:                   ulkorata
ulkoratain                              :P:Gen:                   ulkorata
ulkoratoja                              :P:Par:                   ulkorata
ulkoradoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkorata
ulkoradoista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkorata
ulkoratoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkorata
ulkoradoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkorata
ulkoradoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkorata
ulkoradoille                            :P:All:                   ulkorata
ulkoratoina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkorata
ulkoradoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkorata
ulkoradoin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkorata
ulkoradoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkorata
ulkoratoine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkorata
ulkorataennätys                         :S:Nom:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksen                      :S:Gen:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätystä                       :S:Par:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksessä                    :S:Ine:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksestä                    :S:Ela:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätykseen                     :S:Ill:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksellä                    :S:Ade:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätykseltä                    :S:Abl:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätykselle                    :S:All:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksenä                     :S:Ess:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätykseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksettä                    :S:Abe:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätykset                      :P:Nom:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätysten                      :P:Gen:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksien                     :P:Gen:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksiä                      :P:Par:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksissä                    :P:Ine:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksistä                    :P:Ela:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksillä                    :P:Ade:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksille                    :P:All:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksinä                     :P:Ess:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksin                      :P:Ins:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksittä                    :P:Abe:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkorataennätyksine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkorataennätys
ulkoreitti                              :S:Nom:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitin                              :S:Gen:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreittiä                             :S:Par:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitissä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitistä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreittiin                            :S:Ill:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitillä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitiltä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitille                            :S:All:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreittinä                            :S:Ess:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitiksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitittä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitit                              :P:Nom:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreittien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreittejä                            :P:Par:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreiteissä                           :P:Ine:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreiteistä                           :P:Ela:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreiteillä                           :P:Ade:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreiteiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreiteille                           :P:All:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitteinä                           :P:Ess:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreiteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitein                             :P:Ins:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreiteittä                           :P:Abe:                   ulkoreitti
ulkoreitteine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkoreitti
ulkorengas                              :S:Nom:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaan                             :S:Gen:                   ulkorengas
ulkorengasta                            :S:Par:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaassa                           :S:Ine:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaasta                           :S:Ela:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaaseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaalla                           :S:Ade:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaalta                           :S:Abl:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaalle                           :S:All:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaana                            :S:Ess:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaatta                           :S:Abe:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaat                             :P:Nom:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaiden                           :P:Gen:                   ulkorengas
ulkorengaitten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaita                            :P:Par:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkailla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkailta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaille                           :P:All:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkain                             :P:Ins:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkorengas
ulkorenkaine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkorengas
ulkoreuna                               :S:Nom:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunalle                            :S:All:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoille                           :P:All:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoreunoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkoreuna
ulkoruokinta                            :S:Nom:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnan                           :S:Gen:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintaa                           :S:Par:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnassa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnasta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintaan                          :S:Ill:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnalla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnalta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnalle                         :S:All:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintana                          :S:Ess:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnatta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnat                           :P:Nom:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintojen                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintain                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintoja                          :P:Par:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnoille                        :P:All:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintoina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokinnoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintoine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoruokinta
ulkoruokintakausi                       :S:Nom:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakauden                      :S:Gen:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakautta                      :S:Par:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakaudessa                    :S:Ine:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakaudesta                    :S:Ela:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakauteen                     :S:Ill:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakaudella                    :S:Ade:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakaudelta                    :S:Abl:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakaudelle                    :S:All:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakautena                     :S:Ess:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakaudeksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakaudetta                    :S:Abe:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakaudet                      :P:Nom:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausien                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakautten                     :P:Gen:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausia                      :P:Par:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausissa                    :P:Ine:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausista                    :P:Ela:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausiin                     :P:Ill:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausilla                    :P:Ade:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausilta                    :P:Abl:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausille                    :P:All:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausina                     :P:Ess:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausiin                     :P:Ins:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausitta                    :P:Abe:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkoruokintakausine                     :P:Kom:                   ulkoruokintakausi
ulkosaari                               :S:Nom:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaaren                              :S:Gen:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarta                              :S:Par:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaaressa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaaresta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaareen                             :S:Ill:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarella                            :S:Ade:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarelta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarelle                            :S:All:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarena                             :S:Ess:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaareksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaaretta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaaret                              :P:Nom:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarten                             :P:Gen:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaaria                              :P:Par:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaariin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarille                            :P:All:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaariksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaaritta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaarine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkosaari
ulkosaaristo                            :S:Nom:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaariston                           :S:Gen:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoa                           :S:Par:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristossa                         :S:Ine:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristosta                         :S:Ela:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoon                          :S:Ill:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristolla                         :S:Ade:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristolta                         :S:Abl:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristolle                         :S:All:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristona                          :S:Ess:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristotta                         :S:Abe:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristot                           :P:Nom:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristojen                         :P:Gen:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoiden                        :P:Gen:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoitten                       :P:Gen:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoja                          :P:Par:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoita                         :P:Par:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoille                        :P:All:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosaaristoine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkosaaristo
ulkosatama                              :S:Nom:                   ulkosatama
ulkosataman                             :S:Gen:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamaa                             :S:Par:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamassa                           :S:Ine:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamasta                           :S:Ela:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamaan                            :S:Ill:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamalla                           :S:Ade:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamalta                           :S:Abl:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamalle                           :S:All:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamana                            :S:Ess:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamatta                           :S:Abe:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamat                             :P:Nom:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamien                            :P:Gen:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamain                            :P:Gen:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamia                             :P:Par:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamiin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamille                           :P:All:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkosatama
ulkosatamine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkosatama
ulkoseinä                               :S:Nom:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinän                              :S:Gen:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinää                              :S:Par:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinässä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinästä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinään                             :S:Ill:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinällä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinältä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinälle                            :S:All:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinänä                             :S:Ess:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinäksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinättä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinät                              :P:Nom:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinäin                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseiniä                              :P:Par:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinissä                            :P:Ine:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinistä                            :P:Ela:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseiniin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinillä                            :P:Ade:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseiniltä                            :P:Abl:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinille                            :P:All:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseininä                             :P:Ess:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseiniksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinittä                            :P:Abe:                   ulkoseinä
ulkoseinine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkoseinä
ulkosivu                                :S:Nom:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivun                               :S:Gen:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivua                               :S:Par:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivussa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivusta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuun                              :S:Ill:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivulla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivulta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivulle                             :S:All:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuna                              :S:Ess:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivutta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivut                               :P:Nom:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivujen                             :P:Gen:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuja                              :P:Par:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuille                            :P:All:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkosivu
ulkosivuine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkosivu
ulkosuomalainen                         :S:Nom:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaista                         :S:Par:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaiseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaiselta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaiselle                       :S:All:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaiset                         :P:Nom:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisten                        :P:Gen:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisin                         :P:Gen:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisia                         :P:Par:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisille                       :P:All:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosuomalaisine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkosuomalainen
ulkosynnytin                            :S:Nom:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnytintä                          :S:Par:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimessä                       :S:Ine:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimestä                       :S:Ela:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimeen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimellä                       :S:Ade:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimeltä                       :S:Abl:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimelle                       :S:All:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimenä                        :S:Ess:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimettä                       :S:Abe:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimet                         :P:Nom:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimien                        :P:Gen:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnytinten                         :P:Gen:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimiä                         :P:Par:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimissä                       :P:Ine:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimistä                       :P:Ela:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimillä                       :P:Ade:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimille                       :P:All:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttiminä                        :P:Ess:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimittä                       :P:Abe:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosynnyttimine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkosynnyttimet
ulkosyntyinen                           :S:Nom:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisen                           :S:Gen:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyistä                           :S:Par:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisessä                         :S:Ine:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisestä                         :S:Ela:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisellä                         :S:Ade:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyiselle                         :S:All:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisenä                          :S:Ess:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisettä                         :S:Abe:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyiset                           :P:Nom:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisin                           :P:Gen:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisiä                           :P:Par:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisissä                         :P:Ine:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisistä                         :P:Ela:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisillä                         :P:Ade:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisille                         :P:All:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisinä                          :P:Ess:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisin                           :P:Ins:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisittä                         :P:Abe:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkosyntyisine                          :P:Kom:                   ulkosyntyinen
ulkoterä                                :S:Nom:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterän                               :S:Gen:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterää                               :S:Par:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterässä                             :S:Ine:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterästä                             :S:Ela:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterään                              :S:Ill:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterällä                             :S:Ade:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterältä                             :S:Abl:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterälle                             :S:All:                   ulkoterä
ulkoteränä                              :S:Ess:                   ulkoterä
ulkoteräksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterättä                             :S:Abe:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterät                               :P:Nom:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterien                              :P:Gen:                   ulkoterä
ulkoteräin                              :P:Gen:                   ulkoterä
ulkoteriä                               :P:Par:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterissä                             :P:Ine:                   ulkoterä
ulkoteristä                             :P:Ela:                   ulkoterä
ulkoteriin                              :P:Ill:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterillä                             :P:Ade:                   ulkoterä
ulkoteriltä                             :P:Abl:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterille                             :P:All:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterinä                              :P:Ess:                   ulkoterä
ulkoteriksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterin                               :P:Ins:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterittä                             :P:Abe:                   ulkoterä
ulkoterine                              :P:Kom:                   ulkoterä
ulkotila                                :S:Nom:                   ulkotila
ulkotilan                               :S:Gen:                   ulkotila
ulkotilaa                               :S:Par:                   ulkotila
ulkotilassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkotila
ulkotilasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkotila
ulkotilaan                              :S:Ill:                   ulkotila
ulkotilalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkotila
ulkotilalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkotila
ulkotilalle                             :S:All:                   ulkotila
ulkotilana                              :S:Ess:                   ulkotila
ulkotilaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkotila
ulkotilatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkotila
ulkotilat                               :P:Nom:                   ulkotila
ulkotilojen                             :P:Gen:                   ulkotila
ulkotilain                              :P:Gen:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloja                              :P:Par:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloille                            :P:All:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkotila
ulkotiloine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkotila
ulkotutkimus                            :S:Nom:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksen                         :S:Gen:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimusta                          :S:Par:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimukseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksella                       :S:Ade:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimukselta                       :S:Abl:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimukselle                       :S:All:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksena                        :S:Ess:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimukset                         :P:Nom:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimusten                         :P:Gen:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksien                        :P:Gen:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksia                         :P:Par:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksista                       :P:Ela:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksille                       :P:All:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksina                        :P:Ess:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksin                         :P:Ins:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotutkimuksine                        :P:Kom:                   ulkotutkimus
ulkotyö                                 :S:Nom:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyön                                :S:Gen:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyötä                               :S:Par:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyössä                              :S:Ine:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyöstä                              :S:Ela:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyöhön                              :S:Ill:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyöllä                              :S:Ade:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyöltä                              :S:Abl:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyölle                              :S:All:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyönä                               :S:Ess:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyöksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyöttä                              :S:Abe:                   ulkotyö
ulkotyöt                                :P:Nom:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöiden                              :P:Gen:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöitten                             :P:Gen:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöitä                               :P:Par:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöissä                              :P:Ine:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöistä                              :P:Ela:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöihin                              :P:Ill:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöillä                              :P:Ade:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöiltä                              :P:Abl:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöille                              :P:All:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöinä                               :P:Ess:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöin                                :P:Ins:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöittä                              :P:Abe:                   ulkotyö
ulkotöine                               :P:Kom:                   ulkotyö
ulkovaate                               :S:Nom:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteen                            :S:Gen:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatetta                            :S:Par:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteessa                          :S:Ine:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteesta                          :S:Ela:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteella                          :S:Ade:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteelta                          :S:Abl:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteelle                          :S:All:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteena                           :S:Ess:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteetta                          :S:Abe:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteet                            :P:Nom:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteiden                          :P:Gen:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaateitten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteita                           :P:Par:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteista                          :P:Ela:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteille                          :P:All:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteina                           :P:Ess:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaattein                            :P:Ins:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulkovaate
ulkovaatteine                           :P:Kom:                   ulkovaate
ulkovalaisin                            :S:Nom:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimen                          :S:Gen:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisinta                          :S:Par:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimessa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimesta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimeen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimella                        :S:Ade:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimelta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimelle                        :S:All:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimena                         :S:Ess:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimetta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimet                          :P:Nom:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisinten                         :P:Gen:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimia                          :P:Par:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimille                        :P:All:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalaisimine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkovalaisin
ulkovalo                                :S:Nom:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalon                               :S:Gen:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloa                               :S:Par:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalossa                             :S:Ine:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalosta                             :S:Ela:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloon                              :S:Ill:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalolla                             :S:Ade:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalolta                             :S:Abl:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalolle                             :S:All:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalona                              :S:Ess:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalotta                             :S:Abe:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalot                               :P:Nom:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalojen                             :P:Gen:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloja                              :P:Par:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloista                            :P:Ela:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloille                            :P:All:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloina                             :P:Ess:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulkovalo
ulkovaloine                             :P:Kom:                   ulkovalo
ulkovalta                               :S:Nom:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallalle                            :S:All:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkovalta
ulkovallat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkovalta
ulkovalloissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkovalta
ulkovalloista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkovalta
ulkovalloilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkovalta
ulkovalloilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkovalta
ulkovalloille                           :P:All:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkovalta
ulkovalloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkovalta
ulkovalloin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkovalta
ulkovalloitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkovalta
ulkovaltoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkovalta
ulkoverhous                             :S:Nom:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksen                          :S:Gen:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhousta                           :S:Par:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksessa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksesta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhoukseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksella                        :S:Ade:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhoukselta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhoukselle                        :S:All:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksena                         :S:Ess:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhoukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksetta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhoukset                          :P:Nom:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhousten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksia                          :P:Par:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksille                        :P:All:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkoverhous
ulkoverhouksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkoverhous
ulkovessa                               :S:Nom:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessan                              :S:Gen:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessaa                              :S:Par:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessassa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessasta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessaan                             :S:Ill:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessalla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessalta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessalle                            :S:All:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessana                             :S:Ess:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessatta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessat                              :P:Nom:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessain                             :P:Gen:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoja                             :P:Par:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoille                           :P:All:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkovessa
ulkovessoine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkovessa
ulkovuoraus                             :S:Nom:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksen                          :S:Gen:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorausta                           :S:Par:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksessa                        :S:Ine:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksesta                        :S:Ela:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuoraukseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksella                        :S:Ade:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuoraukselta                        :S:Abl:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuoraukselle                        :S:All:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksena                         :S:Ess:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuoraukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksetta                        :S:Abe:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuoraukset                          :P:Nom:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorausten                          :P:Gen:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksia                          :P:Par:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksista                        :P:Ela:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksille                        :P:All:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksina                         :P:Ess:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuorauksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulkovuoraus
ulkovuoro                               :S:Nom:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoron                              :S:Gen:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroa                              :S:Par:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorossa                            :S:Ine:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorosta                            :S:Ela:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroon                             :S:Ill:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorolla                            :S:Ade:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorolta                            :S:Abl:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorolle                            :S:All:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorona                             :S:Ess:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorotta                            :S:Abe:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorot                              :P:Nom:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuorojen                            :P:Gen:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroja                             :P:Par:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroista                           :P:Ela:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroille                           :P:All:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroina                            :P:Ess:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroin                             :P:Ins:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulkovuoro
ulkovuoroine                            :P:Kom:                   ulkovuoro
ulkoväylä                               :S:Nom:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylän                              :S:Gen:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylää                              :S:Par:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylässä                            :S:Ine:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylästä                            :S:Ela:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylään                             :S:Ill:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylällä                            :S:Ade:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylältä                            :S:Abl:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylälle                            :S:All:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylänä                             :S:Ess:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväyläksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylättä                            :S:Abe:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylät                              :P:Nom:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylien                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväyläin                             :P:Gen:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväyliä                              :P:Par:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylissä                            :P:Ine:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylistä                            :P:Ela:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväyliin                             :P:Ill:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylillä                            :P:Ade:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväyliltä                            :P:Abl:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylille                            :P:All:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylinä                             :P:Ess:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväyliksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylin                              :P:Ins:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväylittä                            :P:Abe:                   ulkoväylä
ulkoväyline                             :P:Kom:                   ulkoväylä
ullakko                                 :S:Nom:                   ullakko
ullakon                                 :S:Gen:                   ullakko
ullakkoa                                :S:Par:                   ullakko
ullakossa                               :S:Ine:                   ullakko
ullakosta                               :S:Ela:                   ullakko
ullakkoon                               :S:Ill:                   ullakko
ullakolla                               :S:Ade:                   ullakko
ullakolta                               :S:Abl:                   ullakko
ullakolle                               :S:All:                   ullakko
ullakkona                               :S:Ess:                   ullakko
ullakoksi                               :S:Tra:                   ullakko
ullakotta                               :S:Abe:                   ullakko
ullakot                                 :P:Nom:                   ullakko
ullakkojen                              :P:Gen:                   ullakko
ullakoiden                              :P:Gen:                   ullakko
ullakoitten                             :P:Gen:                   ullakko
ullakkoja                               :P:Par:                   ullakko
ullakoita                               :P:Par:                   ullakko
ullakoissa                              :P:Ine:                   ullakko
ullakoista                              :P:Ela:                   ullakko
ullakkoihin                             :P:Ill:                   ullakko
ullakoihin                              :P:Ill:                   ullakko
ullakoilla                              :P:Ade:                   ullakko
ullakoilta                              :P:Abl:                   ullakko
ullakoille                              :P:All:                   ullakko
ullakkoina                              :P:Ess:                   ullakko
ullakoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ullakko
ullakoin                                :P:Ins:                   ullakko
ullakoitta                              :P:Abe:                   ullakko
ullakoine                               :P:Kom:                   ullakko
ullakkohuone                            :S:Nom:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneen                          :S:Gen:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuonetta                         :S:Par:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneessa                        :S:Ine:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneesta                        :S:Ela:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneeseen                       :S:Ill:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneella                        :S:Ade:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneelta                        :S:Abl:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneelle                        :S:All:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneena                         :S:Ess:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneetta                        :S:Abe:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneet                          :P:Nom:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneiden                        :P:Gen:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneitten                       :P:Gen:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneita                         :P:Par:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneissa                        :P:Ine:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneista                        :P:Ela:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneihin                        :P:Ill:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneilla                        :P:Ade:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneilta                        :P:Abl:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneille                        :P:All:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneina                         :P:Ess:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuonein                          :P:Ins:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneitta                        :P:Abe:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkohuoneine                         :P:Kom:                   ullakkohuone
ullakkokamari                           :S:Nom:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarin                          :S:Gen:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamaria                          :S:Par:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarissa                        :S:Ine:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarista                        :S:Ela:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamariin                         :S:Ill:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarilla                        :S:Ade:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarilta                        :S:Abl:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarille                        :S:All:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarina                         :S:Ess:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamariksi                        :S:Tra:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamaritta                        :S:Abe:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarit                          :P:Nom:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarien                         :P:Gen:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareiden                       :P:Gen:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareitten                      :P:Gen:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareja                         :P:Par:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareita                        :P:Par:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareissa                       :P:Ine:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareista                       :P:Ela:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareihin                       :P:Ill:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareilla                       :P:Ade:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareilta                       :P:Abl:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareille                       :P:All:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareina                        :P:Ess:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamarein                         :P:Ins:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareitta                       :P:Abe:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokamareine                        :P:Kom:                   ullakkokamari
ullakkokerros                           :S:Nom:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksen                        :S:Gen:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerrosta                         :S:Par:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksessa                      :S:Ine:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksesta                      :S:Ela:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerrokseen                       :S:Ill:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksella                      :S:Ade:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerrokselta                      :S:Abl:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerrokselle                      :S:All:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksena                       :S:Ess:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerrokseksi                      :S:Tra:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksetta                      :S:Abe:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerrokset                        :P:Nom:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerrosten                        :P:Gen:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksien                       :P:Gen:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksia                        :P:Par:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksissa                      :P:Ine:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksista                      :P:Ela:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksiin                       :P:Ill:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksilla                      :P:Ade:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksilta                      :P:Abl:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksille                      :P:All:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksina                       :P:Ess:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksin                        :P:Ins:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksitta                      :P:Abe:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokerroksine                       :P:Kom:                   ullakkokerros
ullakkokomero                           :S:Nom:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeron                          :S:Gen:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroa                          :S:Par:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerossa                        :S:Ine:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerosta                        :S:Ela:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroon                         :S:Ill:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerolla                        :S:Ade:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerolta                        :S:Abl:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerolle                        :S:All:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerona                         :S:Ess:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroksi                        :S:Tra:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerotta                        :S:Abe:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerot                          :P:Nom:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomerojen                        :P:Gen:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroiden                       :P:Gen:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroitten                      :P:Gen:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroja                         :P:Par:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroita                        :P:Par:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroissa                       :P:Ine:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroista                       :P:Ela:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroihin                       :P:Ill:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroilla                       :P:Ade:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroilta                       :P:Abl:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroille                       :P:All:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroina                        :P:Ess:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroin                         :P:Ins:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroitta                       :P:Abe:                   ullakkokomero
ullakkokomeroine                        :P:Kom:                   ullakkokomero
uloimmainen                             :S:Nom:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisen                             :S:Gen:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaista                             :S:Par:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisella                           :S:Ade:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaiselle                           :S:All:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisena                            :S:Ess:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaiset                             :P:Nom:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisten                            :P:Gen:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisin                             :P:Gen:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisia                             :P:Par:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisista                           :P:Ela:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisille                           :P:All:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisina                            :P:Ess:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisin                             :P:Ins:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   uloimmainen
uloimmaisine                            :P:Kom:                   uloimmainen
uloin                                   :S:Nom:                   uloin
uloimman                                :S:Gen:                   uloin
ulointa                                 :S:Par:                   uloin
uloimmassa                              :S:Ine:                   uloin
uloimmasta                              :S:Ela:                   uloin
uloimpaan                               :S:Ill:                   uloin
uloimmalla                              :S:Ade:                   uloin
uloimmalta                              :S:Abl:                   uloin
uloimmalle                              :S:All:                   uloin
uloimpana                               :S:Ess:                   uloin
uloimmaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uloin
uloimmatta                              :S:Abe:                   uloin
uloimmat                                :P:Nom:                   uloin
uloimpien                               :P:Gen:                   uloin
ulointen                                :P:Gen:                   uloin
uloimpain                               :P:Gen:                   uloin
uloimpia                                :P:Par:                   uloin
uloimmissa                              :P:Ine:                   uloin
uloimmista                              :P:Ela:                   uloin
uloimpiin                               :P:Ill:                   uloin
uloimmilla                              :P:Ade:                   uloin
uloimmilta                              :P:Abl:                   uloin
uloimmille                              :P:All:                   uloin
uloimpina                               :P:Ess:                   uloin
uloimmiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uloin
uloimmin                                :P:Ins:                   uloin
uloimmitta                              :P:Abe:                   uloin
uloimpine                               :P:Kom:                   uloin
uloke                                   :S:Nom:                   uloke
ulokkeen                                :S:Gen:                   uloke
uloketta                                :S:Par:                   uloke
ulokkeessa                              :S:Ine:                   uloke
ulokkeesta                              :S:Ela:                   uloke
ulokkeeseen                             :S:Ill:                   uloke
ulokkeella                              :S:Ade:                   uloke
ulokkeelta                              :S:Abl:                   uloke
ulokkeelle                              :S:All:                   uloke
ulokkeena                               :S:Ess:                   uloke
ulokkeeksi                              :S:Tra:                   uloke
ulokkeetta                              :S:Abe:                   uloke
ulokkeet                                :P:Nom:                   uloke
ulokkeiden                              :P:Gen:                   uloke
ulokeitten                              :P:Gen:                   uloke
ulokkeita                               :P:Par:                   uloke
ulokkeissa                              :P:Ine:                   uloke
ulokkeista                              :P:Ela:                   uloke
ulokkeisiin                             :P:Ill:                   uloke
ulokkeihin                              :P:Ill:                   uloke
ulokkeilla                              :P:Ade:                   uloke
ulokkeilta                              :P:Abl:                   uloke
ulokkeille                              :P:All:                   uloke
ulokkeina                               :P:Ess:                   uloke
ulokkeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uloke
ulokkein                                :P:Ins:                   uloke
ulokkeitta                              :P:Abe:                   uloke
ulokkeine                               :P:Kom:                   uloke
ulommainen                              :S:Nom:                   ulommainen
ulommaisen                              :S:Gen:                   ulommainen
ulommaista                              :S:Par:                   ulommainen
ulommaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   ulommainen
ulommaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   ulommainen
ulommaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   ulommainen
ulommaisella                            :S:Ade:                   ulommainen
ulommaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   ulommainen
ulommaiselle                            :S:All:                   ulommainen
ulommaisena                             :S:Ess:                   ulommainen
ulommaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulommainen
ulommaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   ulommainen
ulommaiset                              :P:Nom:                   ulommainen
ulommaisten                             :P:Gen:                   ulommainen
ulommaisin                              :P:Gen:                   ulommainen
ulommaisia                              :P:Par:                   ulommainen
ulommaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulommainen
ulommaisista                            :P:Ela:                   ulommainen
ulommaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulommainen
ulommaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulommainen
ulommaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulommainen
ulommaisille                            :P:All:                   ulommainen
ulommaisina                             :P:Ess:                   ulommainen
ulommaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulommainen
ulommaisin                              :P:Ins:                   ulommainen
ulommaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulommainen
ulommaisine                             :P:Kom:                   ulommainen
ulompi                                  :S:Nom:                   ulompi
ulomman                                 :S:Gen:                   ulompi
ulompaa                                 :S:Par:                   ulompi
ulommassa                               :S:Ine:                   ulompi
ulommasta                               :S:Ela:                   ulompi
ulompaan                                :S:Ill:                   ulompi
ulommalla                               :S:Ade:                   ulompi
ulommalta                               :S:Abl:                   ulompi
ulommalle                               :S:All:                   ulompi
ulompana                                :S:Ess:                   ulompi
ulommaksi                               :S:Tra:                   ulompi
ulommatta                               :S:Abe:                   ulompi
ulommat                                 :P:Nom:                   ulompi
ulompien                                :P:Gen:                   ulompi
ulompain                                :P:Gen:                   ulompi
ulompia                                 :P:Par:                   ulompi
ulommissa                               :P:Ine:                   ulompi
ulommista                               :P:Ela:                   ulompi
ulompiin                                :P:Ill:                   ulompi
ulommilla                               :P:Ade:                   ulompi
ulommilta                               :P:Abl:                   ulompi
ulommille                               :P:All:                   ulompi
ulompina                                :P:Ess:                   ulompi
ulommiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ulompi
ulommin                                 :P:Ins:                   ulompi
ulommitta                               :P:Abe:                   ulompi
ulompine                                :P:Kom:                   ulompi
ulonnus                                 :S:Nom:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksen                              :S:Gen:                   ulonnus
ulonnusta                               :S:Par:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksessa                            :S:Ine:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksesta                            :S:Ela:                   ulonnus
ulonnukseen                             :S:Ill:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksella                            :S:Ade:                   ulonnus
ulonnukselta                            :S:Abl:                   ulonnus
ulonnukselle                            :S:All:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksena                             :S:Ess:                   ulonnus
ulonnukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksetta                            :S:Abe:                   ulonnus
ulonnukset                              :P:Nom:                   ulonnus
ulonnusten                              :P:Gen:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksien                             :P:Gen:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksia                              :P:Par:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksista                            :P:Ela:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksille                            :P:All:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksina                             :P:Ess:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksin                              :P:Ins:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulonnus
ulonnuksine                             :P:Kom:                   ulonnus
ulonnan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulontaa
ulonnat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulontaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulonnamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulonnatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulontavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulontaa
ulonna                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonna                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonna                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonna                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonna                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonna                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonneta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulonsin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulontaa
ulonsit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulonsi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulonsimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulonsitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulonsivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulontanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulontaa
ulontanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulontanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulontanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulontanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulontanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulontaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulontaa
ulontaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulontaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulontaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulontaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulontaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulonna                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulontakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulontakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulontakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulontakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulontaa
ulonna                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontaa                                 :Inf1:                    ulontaa
ulontaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ulontaa
ulontaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulontaa
ulonnettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulontaa
ulontaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulontaa
ulontamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulontaa
ulontamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulontaa
ulontamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulontaa
ulontamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulontaa
ulontamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulontaa
ulontaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulontaa
ulonnettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulontaa
ulontaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ulontaa
ulontamista                             :Inf4:Par:                ulontaa
ulontamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ulontaa
ulontava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulontaa
ulonnettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontama                                :Cip:Age:                 ulontaa
ulontamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulontaa
ulontanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulontaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulontaa
ulonnettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulontaa
ulosajo                                 :S:Nom:                   ulosajo
ulosajon                                :S:Gen:                   ulosajo
ulosajoa                                :S:Par:                   ulosajo
ulosajossa                              :S:Ine:                   ulosajo
ulosajosta                              :S:Ela:                   ulosajo
ulosajoon                               :S:Ill:                   ulosajo
ulosajolla                              :S:Ade:                   ulosajo
ulosajolta                              :S:Abl:                   ulosajo
ulosajolle                              :S:All:                   ulosajo
ulosajona                               :S:Ess:                   ulosajo
ulosajoksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulosajo
ulosajotta                              :S:Abe:                   ulosajo
ulosajot                                :P:Nom:                   ulosajo
ulosajojen                              :P:Gen:                   ulosajo
ulosajoja                               :P:Par:                   ulosajo
ulosajoissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulosajo
ulosajoista                             :P:Ela:                   ulosajo
ulosajoihin                             :P:Ill:                   ulosajo
ulosajoilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulosajo
ulosajoilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulosajo
ulosajoille                             :P:All:                   ulosajo
ulosajoina                              :P:Ess:                   ulosajo
ulosajoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulosajo
ulosajoin                               :P:Ins:                   ulosajo
ulosajoitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulosajo
ulosajoine                              :P:Kom:                   ulosajo
ulosanti                                :S:Nom:                   ulosanti
ulosannin                               :S:Gen:                   ulosanti
ulosantia                               :S:Par:                   ulosanti
ulosannissa                             :S:Ine:                   ulosanti
ulosannista                             :S:Ela:                   ulosanti
ulosantiin                              :S:Ill:                   ulosanti
ulosannilla                             :S:Ade:                   ulosanti
ulosannilta                             :S:Abl:                   ulosanti
ulosannille                             :S:All:                   ulosanti
ulosantina                              :S:Ess:                   ulosanti
ulosanniksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulosanti
ulosannitta                             :S:Abe:                   ulosanti
ulosannit                               :P:Nom:                   ulosanti
ulosantien                              :P:Gen:                   ulosanti
ulosanteja                              :P:Par:                   ulosanti
ulosanneissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulosanti
ulosanneista                            :P:Ela:                   ulosanti
ulosanteihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulosanti
ulosanneilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulosanti
ulosanneilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulosanti
ulosanneille                            :P:All:                   ulosanti
ulosanteina                             :P:Ess:                   ulosanti
ulosanneiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulosanti
ulosannein                              :P:Ins:                   ulosanti
ulosanneitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulosanti
ulosanteine                             :P:Kom:                   ulosanti
ulosheittäjä                            :S:Nom:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjän                           :S:Gen:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjää                           :S:Par:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjässä                         :S:Ine:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjästä                         :S:Ela:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjään                          :S:Ill:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjällä                         :S:Ade:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjältä                         :S:Abl:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjälle                         :S:All:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjänä                          :S:Ess:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjäksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjättä                         :S:Abe:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjät                           :P:Nom:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjien                          :P:Gen:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjäin                          :P:Gen:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjiä                           :P:Par:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjissä                         :P:Ine:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjistä                         :P:Ela:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjillä                         :P:Ade:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjille                         :P:All:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjinä                          :P:Ess:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjin                           :P:Ins:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjittä                         :P:Abe:                   ulosheittäjä
ulosheittäjine                          :P:Kom:                   ulosheittäjä
uloshengitys                            :S:Nom:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksen                         :S:Gen:                   uloshengitys
uloshengitystä                          :S:Par:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   uloshengitys
uloshengitykseen                        :S:Ill:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   uloshengitys
uloshengitykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   uloshengitys
uloshengitykselle                       :S:All:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   uloshengitys
uloshengitykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   uloshengitys
uloshengitykset                         :P:Nom:                   uloshengitys
uloshengitysten                         :P:Gen:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksien                        :P:Gen:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksiä                         :P:Par:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksille                       :P:All:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksin                         :P:Ins:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   uloshengitys
uloshengityksine                        :P:Kom:                   uloshengitys
uloskäynti                              :S:Nom:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynnin                             :S:Gen:                   uloskäynti
uloskäyntiä                             :S:Par:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynnissä                           :S:Ine:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynnistä                           :S:Ela:                   uloskäynti
uloskäyntiin                            :S:Ill:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynnillä                           :S:Ade:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynniltä                           :S:Abl:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynnille                           :S:All:                   uloskäynti
uloskäyntinä                            :S:Ess:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynniksi                           :S:Tra:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynnittä                           :S:Abe:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynnit                             :P:Nom:                   uloskäynti
uloskäyntien                            :P:Gen:                   uloskäynti
uloskäyntejä                            :P:Par:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynneissä                          :P:Ine:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynneistä                          :P:Ela:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynteihin                          :P:Ill:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynneillä                          :P:Ade:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynneiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynneille                          :P:All:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynteinä                           :P:Ess:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynnein                            :P:Ins:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynneittä                          :P:Abe:                   uloskäynti
uloskäynteine                           :P:Kom:                   uloskäynti
uloskäytävä                             :S:Nom:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävän                            :S:Gen:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävää                            :S:Par:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävässä                          :S:Ine:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävästä                          :S:Ela:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävään                           :S:Ill:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävällä                          :S:Ade:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävältä                          :S:Abl:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävälle                          :S:All:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävänä                           :S:Ess:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytäväksi                          :S:Tra:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävättä                          :S:Abe:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävät                            :P:Nom:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävien                           :P:Gen:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytäväin                           :P:Gen:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytäviä                            :P:Par:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävissä                          :P:Ine:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävistä                          :P:Ela:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytäviin                           :P:Ill:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävillä                          :P:Ade:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytäviltä                          :P:Abl:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytäville                          :P:All:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävinä                           :P:Ess:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytäviksi                          :P:Tra:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävin                            :P:Ins:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävittä                          :P:Abe:                   uloskäytävä
uloskäytävine                           :P:Kom:                   uloskäytävä
ulosliputan                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputamme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputatte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtavat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputetaan                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputeta                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputti                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettaneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettane                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettaisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettaisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtakaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtakaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtakoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettako                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaa                            :Inf1:                    ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtamassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtamasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtamaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtamalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtamatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtamista                        :Inf4:Par:                ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtamaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtava                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettava                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtama                           :Cip:Age:                 ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtamaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputtaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosliputtaa
ulosliputettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulosliputtaa
ulosliputus                             :S:Nom:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksen                          :S:Gen:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputusta                           :S:Par:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputukseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksella                        :S:Ade:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputukselta                        :S:Abl:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputukselle                        :S:All:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksena                         :S:Ess:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputukset                          :P:Nom:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputusten                          :P:Gen:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksia                          :P:Par:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksista                        :P:Ela:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksille                        :P:All:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksina                         :P:Ess:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulosliputus
ulosliputuksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulosliputus
uloslyönti                              :S:Nom:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönnin                             :S:Gen:                   uloslyönti
uloslyöntiä                             :S:Par:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönnissä                           :S:Ine:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönnistä                           :S:Ela:                   uloslyönti
uloslyöntiin                            :S:Ill:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönnillä                           :S:Ade:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönniltä                           :S:Abl:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönnille                           :S:All:                   uloslyönti
uloslyöntinä                            :S:Ess:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönniksi                           :S:Tra:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönnittä                           :S:Abe:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönnit                             :P:Nom:                   uloslyönti
uloslyöntien                            :P:Gen:                   uloslyönti
uloslyöntejä                            :P:Par:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönneissä                          :P:Ine:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönneistä                          :P:Ela:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönteihin                          :P:Ill:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönneillä                          :P:Ade:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönneiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönneille                          :P:All:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönteinä                           :P:Ess:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönnein                            :P:Ins:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönneittä                          :P:Abe:                   uloslyönti
uloslyönteine                           :P:Kom:                   uloslyönti
uloslähtö                               :S:Nom:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdön                              :S:Gen:                   uloslähtö
uloslähtöä                              :S:Par:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdössä                            :S:Ine:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöstä                            :S:Ela:                   uloslähtö
uloslähtöön                             :S:Ill:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöllä                            :S:Ade:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöltä                            :S:Abl:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdölle                            :S:All:                   uloslähtö
uloslähtönä                             :S:Ess:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöksi                            :S:Tra:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöttä                            :S:Abe:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöt                              :P:Nom:                   uloslähtö
uloslähtöjen                            :P:Gen:                   uloslähtö
uloslähtöjä                             :P:Par:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöissä                           :P:Ine:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöistä                           :P:Ela:                   uloslähtö
uloslähtöihin                           :P:Ill:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöillä                           :P:Ade:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöille                           :P:All:                   uloslähtö
uloslähtöinä                            :P:Ess:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöin                             :P:Ins:                   uloslähtö
uloslähdöittä                           :P:Abe:                   uloslähtö
uloslähtöine                            :P:Kom:                   uloslähtö
uloslämpiäva                            :S:Nom:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävan                           :S:Gen:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävaa                           :S:Par:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävassa                         :S:Ine:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävasta                         :S:Ela:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävään                          :S:Ill:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävalla                         :S:Ade:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävalta                         :S:Abl:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävalle                         :S:All:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävana                          :S:Ess:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävaksi                         :S:Tra:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävatta                         :S:Abe:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävat                           :P:Nom:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävien                          :P:Gen:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävain                          :P:Gen:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävia                           :P:Par:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävissa                         :P:Ine:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävista                         :P:Ela:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiäviin                          :P:Ill:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävilla                         :P:Ade:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävilta                         :P:Abl:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiäville                         :P:All:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävina                          :P:Ess:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiäviksi                         :P:Tra:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävin                           :P:Ins:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävitta                         :P:Abe:                   uloslämpiävä
uloslämpiävine                          :P:Kom:                   uloslämpiävä
ulosmarssi                              :S:Nom:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssin                             :S:Gen:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssia                             :S:Par:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssissa                           :S:Ine:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssista                           :S:Ela:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssiin                            :S:Ill:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssilla                           :S:Ade:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssilta                           :S:Abl:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssille                           :S:All:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssina                            :S:Ess:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssiksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssitta                           :S:Abe:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssit                             :P:Nom:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssien                            :P:Gen:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseja                            :P:Par:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseista                          :P:Ela:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseilla                          :P:Ade:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseilta                          :P:Abl:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseille                          :P:All:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseina                           :P:Ess:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarssein                            :P:Ins:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmarsseine                           :P:Kom:                   ulosmarssi
ulosmeno                                :S:Nom:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenon                               :S:Gen:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoa                               :S:Par:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenossa                             :S:Ine:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenosta                             :S:Ela:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoon                              :S:Ill:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenolla                             :S:Ade:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenolta                             :S:Abl:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenolle                             :S:All:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenona                              :S:Ess:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenotta                             :S:Abe:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenot                               :P:Nom:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenojen                             :P:Gen:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoja                              :P:Par:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoista                            :P:Ela:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoille                            :P:All:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoina                             :P:Ess:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoin                              :P:Ins:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoine                             :P:Kom:                   ulosmeno
ulosmenoliikenne                        :S:Nom:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteen                      :S:Gen:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikennettä                     :S:Par:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteessä                    :S:Ine:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteestä                    :S:Ela:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteeseen                   :S:Ill:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteellä                    :S:Ade:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteeltä                    :S:Abl:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteelle                    :S:All:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteenä                     :S:Ess:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteeksi                    :S:Tra:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteettä                    :S:Abe:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteet                      :P:Nom:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteiden                    :P:Gen:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenneitten                   :P:Gen:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteitä                     :P:Par:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteissä                    :P:Ine:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteistä                    :P:Ela:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteisiin                   :P:Ill:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteihin                    :P:Ill:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteillä                    :P:Ade:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteille                    :P:All:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteinä                     :P:Ess:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikentein                      :P:Ins:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteittä                    :P:Abe:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenoliikenteine                     :P:Kom:                   ulosmenoliikenne
ulosmenotyö                             :S:Nom:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyön                            :S:Gen:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyötä                           :S:Par:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyössä                          :S:Ine:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyöstä                          :S:Ela:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyöhön                          :S:Ill:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyöllä                          :S:Ade:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyöltä                          :S:Abl:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyölle                          :S:All:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyönä                           :S:Ess:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyöksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyöttä                          :S:Abe:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotyöt                            :P:Nom:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöiden                          :P:Gen:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöitten                         :P:Gen:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöitä                           :P:Par:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöissä                          :P:Ine:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöistä                          :P:Ela:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöihin                          :P:Ill:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöillä                          :P:Ade:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöille                          :P:All:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöinä                           :P:Ess:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöin                            :P:Ins:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöittä                          :P:Abe:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenotöine                           :P:Kom:                   ulosmenotie
ulosmenoväylä                           :S:Nom:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylän                          :S:Gen:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylää                          :S:Par:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylässä                        :S:Ine:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylästä                        :S:Ela:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylään                         :S:Ill:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylällä                        :S:Ade:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylältä                        :S:Abl:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylälle                        :S:All:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylänä                         :S:Ess:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväyläksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylättä                        :S:Abe:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylät                          :P:Nom:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylien                         :P:Gen:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväyläin                         :P:Gen:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväyliä                          :P:Par:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylissä                        :P:Ine:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylistä                        :P:Ela:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväyliin                         :P:Ill:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylillä                        :P:Ade:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväyliltä                        :P:Abl:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylille                        :P:All:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylinä                         :P:Ess:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväyliksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylin                          :P:Ins:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväylittä                        :P:Abe:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmenoväyline                         :P:Kom:                   ulosmenoväylä
ulosmittaan                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaamme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaatte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaavat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitataan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitata                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmittasin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulosmitata
ulosmittasit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmittasi                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmittasimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmittasitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmittasivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmitannen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmittaisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmittaisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmittaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmittaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitatkoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitatkaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitatkaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitatkoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmittaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitatko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitatko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitatko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitatko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitata                              :Inf1:                    ulosmitata
ulosmitatakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ulosmitata
ulosmitatessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulosmitata
ulosmitattaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulosmitata
ulosmitaten                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulosmitata
ulosmittaamassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulosmitata
ulosmittaamasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulosmitata
ulosmittaamaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulosmitata
ulosmittaamalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulosmitata
ulosmittaamatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulosmitata
ulosmittaaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulosmitata
ulosmitattaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulosmitata
ulosmittaaminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                ulosmitata
ulosmittaamista                         :Inf4:Par:                ulosmitata
ulosmittaamaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    ulosmitata
ulosmittaava                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulosmitata
ulosmitattava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmittaama                            :Cip:Age:                 ulosmitata
ulosmittaamaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulosmitata
ulosmitannut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitanneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulosmitata
ulosmitattu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulosmitata
ulosmittaus                             :S:Nom:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksen                          :S:Gen:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittausta                           :S:Par:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksessa                        :S:Ine:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksesta                        :S:Ela:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittaukseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksella                        :S:Ade:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittaukselta                        :S:Abl:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittaukselle                        :S:All:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksena                         :S:Ess:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittaukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksetta                        :S:Abe:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittaukset                          :P:Nom:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittausten                          :P:Gen:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksia                          :P:Par:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksista                        :P:Ela:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksille                        :P:All:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksina                         :P:Ess:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulosmittaus
ulosmittauksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulosmittaus
ulosotonhaltija                         :S:Nom:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijan                        :S:Gen:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijaa                        :S:Par:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijassa                      :S:Ine:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijasta                      :S:Ela:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijaan                       :S:Ill:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijalla                      :S:Ade:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijalta                      :S:Abl:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijalle                      :S:All:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijana                       :S:Ess:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijaksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijatta                      :S:Abe:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijat                        :P:Nom:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoiden                     :P:Gen:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoitten                    :P:Gen:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijain                       :P:Gen:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoita                      :P:Par:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoissa                     :P:Ine:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoista                     :P:Ela:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoihin                     :P:Ill:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoilla                     :P:Ade:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoilta                     :P:Abl:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoille                     :P:All:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoina                      :P:Ess:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoin                       :P:Ins:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoitta                     :P:Abe:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotonhaltijoine                      :P:Kom:                   ulosotonhaltija
ulosotto                                :S:Nom:                   ulosotto
ulosoton                                :S:Gen:                   ulosotto
ulosottoa                               :S:Par:                   ulosotto
ulosotossa                              :S:Ine:                   ulosotto
ulosotosta                              :S:Ela:                   ulosotto
ulosottoon                              :S:Ill:                   ulosotto
ulosotolla                              :S:Ade:                   ulosotto
ulosotolta                              :S:Abl:                   ulosotto
ulosotolle                              :S:All:                   ulosotto
ulosottona                              :S:Ess:                   ulosotto
ulosotoksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulosotto
ulosototta                              :S:Abe:                   ulosotto
ulosotot                                :P:Nom:                   ulosotto
ulosottojen                             :P:Gen:                   ulosotto
ulosottoja                              :P:Par:                   ulosotto
ulosotoissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulosotto
ulosotoista                             :P:Ela:                   ulosotto
ulosottoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulosotto
ulosotoilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulosotto
ulosotoilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulosotto
ulosotoille                             :P:All:                   ulosotto
ulosottoina                             :P:Ess:                   ulosotto
ulosotoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulosotto
ulosotoin                               :P:Ins:                   ulosotto
ulosotoitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulosotto
ulosottoine                             :P:Kom:                   ulosotto
ulosottomies                            :S:Nom:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehen                          :S:Gen:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiestä                          :S:Par:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehessä                        :S:Ine:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehestä                        :S:Ela:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomieheen                         :S:Ill:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehellä                        :S:Ade:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomieheltä                        :S:Abl:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehelle                        :S:All:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehenä                         :S:Ess:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomieheksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehettä                        :S:Abe:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehet                          :P:Nom:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiesten                         :P:Gen:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehien                         :P:Gen:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehiä                          :P:Par:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehissä                        :P:Ine:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehistä                        :P:Ela:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehillä                        :P:Ade:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehille                        :P:All:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehinä                         :P:Ess:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehin                          :P:Ins:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehittä                        :P:Abe:                   ulosottomies
ulosottomiehine                         :P:Kom:                   ulosottomies
ulosottoteitse                          :S:Nom:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsen                         :S:Gen:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseä                         :S:Par:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsessä                       :S:Ine:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsestä                       :S:Ela:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsellä                       :S:Ade:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseltä                       :S:Abl:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitselle                       :S:All:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsenä                        :S:Ess:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsettä                       :S:Abe:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitset                         :P:Nom:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsejen                       :P:Gen:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsein                        :P:Gen:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsejä                        :P:Par:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseissä                      :P:Ine:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseistä                      :P:Ela:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseillä                      :P:Ade:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseille                      :P:All:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseinä                       :P:Ess:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitsein                        :P:Ins:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseittä                      :P:Abe:                   ulosottoteitse
ulosottoteitseine                       :P:Kom:                   ulosottoteitse
ulospääsy                               :S:Nom:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyn                              :S:Gen:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyä                              :S:Par:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyssä                            :S:Ine:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsystä                            :S:Ela:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyyn                             :S:Ill:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyllä                            :S:Ade:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyltä                            :S:Abl:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsylle                            :S:All:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsynä                             :S:Ess:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyttä                            :S:Abe:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyt                              :P:Nom:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyjen                            :P:Gen:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyjä                             :P:Par:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyissä                           :P:Ine:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyistä                           :P:Ela:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyihin                           :P:Ill:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyillä                           :P:Ade:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyille                           :P:All:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyinä                            :P:Ess:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyin                             :P:Ins:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyittä                           :P:Abe:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsyine                            :P:Kom:                   ulospääsy
ulospääsytyö                            :S:Nom:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyön                           :S:Gen:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyötä                          :S:Par:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyössä                         :S:Ine:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyöstä                         :S:Ela:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyöhön                         :S:Ill:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyöllä                         :S:Ade:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyöltä                         :S:Abl:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyölle                         :S:All:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyönä                          :S:Ess:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyöksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyöttä                         :S:Abe:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytyöt                           :P:Nom:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöiden                         :P:Gen:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöitten                        :P:Gen:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöitä                          :P:Par:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöissä                         :P:Ine:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöistä                         :P:Ela:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöillä                         :P:Ade:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöille                         :P:All:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöinä                          :P:Ess:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöin                           :P:Ins:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöittä                         :P:Abe:                   ulospääsytie
ulospääsytöine                          :P:Kom:                   ulospääsytie
ulostan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulostaa
ulostat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulostaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulostaa
ulosta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulosta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulosta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulosta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulosta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulosta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulosteta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulostin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulostaa
ulostit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulosti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulostanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulostaa
ulostanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulostanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulostaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulostaa
ulostaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulostaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulosta                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulostakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulostaa
ulosta                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostaa                                 :Inf1:                    ulostaa
ulostaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ulostaa
ulostaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulostaa
ulostettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulostaa
ulostaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulostaa
ulostamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulostaa
ulostamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulostaa
ulostamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulostaa
ulostamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulostaa
ulostamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulostaa
ulostaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulostaa
ulostettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulostaa
ulostaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ulostaa
ulostamista                             :Inf4:Par:                ulostaa
ulostamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ulostaa
ulostava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulostaa
ulostettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostama                                :Cip:Age:                 ulostaa
ulostamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulostaa
ulostanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostaa
ulostettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulostaa
ulostamistarve                          :S:Nom:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeen                        :S:Gen:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarvetta                       :S:Par:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeessa                      :S:Ine:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeesta                      :S:Ela:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeeseen                     :S:Ill:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeella                      :S:Ade:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeelta                      :S:Abl:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeelle                      :S:All:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeena                       :S:Ess:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeetta                      :S:Abe:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeet                        :P:Nom:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeiden                      :P:Gen:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarveitten                     :P:Gen:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeita                       :P:Par:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeissa                      :P:Ine:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeista                      :P:Ela:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeisiin                     :P:Ill:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeihin                      :P:Ill:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeilla                      :P:Ade:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeilta                      :P:Abl:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeille                      :P:All:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeina                       :P:Ess:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpein                        :P:Ins:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeitta                      :P:Abe:                   ulostamistarve
ulostamistarpeine                       :P:Kom:                   ulostamistarve
uloste                                  :S:Nom:                   uloste
ulosteen                                :S:Gen:                   uloste
ulostetta                               :S:Par:                   uloste
ulosteessa                              :S:Ine:                   uloste
ulosteesta                              :S:Ela:                   uloste
ulosteeseen                             :S:Ill:                   uloste
ulosteella                              :S:Ade:                   uloste
ulosteelta                              :S:Abl:                   uloste
ulosteelle                              :S:All:                   uloste
ulosteena                               :S:Ess:                   uloste
ulosteeksi                              :S:Tra:                   uloste
ulosteetta                              :S:Abe:                   uloste
ulosteet                                :P:Nom:                   uloste
ulosteiden                              :P:Gen:                   uloste
ulosteitten                             :P:Gen:                   uloste
ulosteita                               :P:Par:                   uloste
ulosteissa                              :P:Ine:                   uloste
ulosteista                              :P:Ela:                   uloste
ulosteisiin                             :P:Ill:                   uloste
ulosteihin                              :P:Ill:                   uloste
ulosteilla                              :P:Ade:                   uloste
ulosteilta                              :P:Abl:                   uloste
ulosteille                              :P:All:                   uloste
ulosteina                               :P:Ess:                   uloste
ulosteiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uloste
ulostein                                :P:Ins:                   uloste
ulosteitta                              :P:Abe:                   uloste
ulosteine                               :P:Kom:                   uloste
ulostenäyte                             :S:Nom:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteen                          :S:Gen:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytettä                          :S:Par:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteessä                        :S:Ine:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteestä                        :S:Ela:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteeseen                       :S:Ill:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteellä                        :S:Ade:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteeltä                        :S:Abl:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteelle                        :S:All:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteenä                         :S:Ess:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteettä                        :S:Abe:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteet                          :P:Nom:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteiden                        :P:Gen:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäyteitten                        :P:Gen:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteitä                         :P:Par:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteissä                        :P:Ine:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteistä                        :P:Ela:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteillä                        :P:Ade:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteille                        :P:All:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteinä                         :P:Ess:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäyttein                          :P:Ins:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteittä                        :P:Abe:                   ulostenäyte
ulostenäytteine                         :P:Kom:                   ulostenäyte
ulostulo                                :S:Nom:                   ulostulo
ulostulon                               :S:Gen:                   ulostulo
ulostuloa                               :S:Par:                   ulostulo
ulostulossa                             :S:Ine:                   ulostulo
ulostulosta                             :S:Ela:                   ulostulo
ulostuloon                              :S:Ill:                   ulostulo
ulostulolla                             :S:Ade:                   ulostulo
ulostulolta                             :S:Abl:                   ulostulo
ulostulolle                             :S:All:                   ulostulo
ulostulona                              :S:Ess:                   ulostulo
ulostuloksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulostulo
ulostulotta                             :S:Abe:                   ulostulo
ulostulot                               :P:Nom:                   ulostulo
ulostulojen                             :P:Gen:                   ulostulo
ulostuloja                              :P:Par:                   ulostulo
ulostuloissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulostulo
ulostuloista                            :P:Ela:                   ulostulo
ulostuloihin                            :P:Ill:                   ulostulo
ulostuloilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulostulo
ulostuloilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulostulo
ulostuloille                            :P:All:                   ulostulo
ulostuloina                             :P:Ess:                   ulostulo
ulostuloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulostulo
ulostuloin                              :P:Ins:                   ulostulo
ulostuloitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulostulo
ulostuloine                             :P:Kom:                   ulostulo
ulostuloteho                            :S:Nom:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehon                           :S:Gen:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoa                           :S:Par:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehossa                         :S:Ine:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehosta                         :S:Ela:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoon                          :S:Ill:                   ulostuloteho
ulostuloteholla                         :S:Ade:                   ulostuloteho
ulostuloteholta                         :S:Abl:                   ulostuloteho
ulostuloteholle                         :S:All:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehona                          :S:Ess:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehotta                         :S:Abe:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehot                           :P:Nom:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehojen                         :P:Gen:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoja                          :P:Par:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoista                        :P:Ela:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoille                        :P:All:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoina                         :P:Ess:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoin                          :P:Ins:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulostuloteho
ulostulotehoine                         :P:Kom:                   ulostuloteho
ulostus                                 :S:Nom:                   ulostus
ulostuksen                              :S:Gen:                   ulostus
ulostusta                               :S:Par:                   ulostus
ulostuksessa                            :S:Ine:                   ulostus
ulostuksesta                            :S:Ela:                   ulostus
ulostukseen                             :S:Ill:                   ulostus
ulostuksella                            :S:Ade:                   ulostus
ulostukselta                            :S:Abl:                   ulostus
ulostukselle                            :S:All:                   ulostus
ulostuksena                             :S:Ess:                   ulostus
ulostukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ulostus
ulostuksetta                            :S:Abe:                   ulostus
ulostukset                              :P:Nom:                   ulostus
ulostusten                              :P:Gen:                   ulostus
ulostuksien                             :P:Gen:                   ulostus
ulostuksia                              :P:Par:                   ulostus
ulostuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   ulostus
ulostuksista                            :P:Ela:                   ulostus
ulostuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ulostus
ulostuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   ulostus
ulostuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   ulostus
ulostuksille                            :P:All:                   ulostus
ulostuksina                             :P:Ess:                   ulostus
ulostuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ulostus
ulostuksin                              :P:Ins:                   ulostus
ulostuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   ulostus
ulostuksine                             :P:Kom:                   ulostus
ulostusaine                             :S:Nom:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineen                           :S:Gen:                   ulostusaine
ulostusainetta                          :S:Par:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineeseen                        :S:Ill:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineella                         :S:Ade:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineelta                         :S:Abl:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineelle                         :S:All:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineena                          :S:Ess:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineetta                         :S:Abe:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineet                           :P:Nom:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineiden                         :P:Gen:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineitten                        :P:Gen:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineita                          :P:Par:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineista                         :P:Ela:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineihin                         :P:Ill:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineille                         :P:All:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineina                          :P:Ess:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulostusaine
ulostusainein                           :P:Ins:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulostusaine
ulostusaineine                          :P:Kom:                   ulostusaine
ulostuslääke                            :S:Nom:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeen                         :S:Gen:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkettä                         :S:Par:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeessä                       :S:Ine:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeestä                       :S:Ela:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeeseen                      :S:Ill:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeellä                       :S:Ade:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeeltä                       :S:Abl:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeelle                       :S:All:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeenä                        :S:Ess:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeettä                       :S:Abe:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeet                         :P:Nom:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeiden                       :P:Gen:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkeitten                       :P:Gen:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeitä                        :P:Par:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeissä                       :P:Ine:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeistä                       :P:Ela:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeihin                       :P:Ill:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeillä                       :P:Ade:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeille                       :P:All:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeinä                        :P:Ess:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkein                         :P:Ins:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeittä                       :P:Abe:                   ulostuslääke
ulostuslääkkeine                        :P:Kom:                   ulostuslääke
ulostutan                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulostuttaa
ulostutat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutamme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostutatte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttavat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutetaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuteta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulostutin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulostuttaa
ulostutit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostutti                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostutitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulostuttanen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulostuta                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttakaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttakaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttakoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuta                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttaa                              :Inf1:                    ulostuttaa
ulostuttaakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ulostuttaa
ulostuttaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulostuttaa
ulostutettaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulostuttaa
ulostuttaen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulostuttaa
ulostuttamassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulostuttaa
ulostuttamasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulostuttaa
ulostuttamaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulostuttaa
ulostuttamalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulostuttaa
ulostuttamatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulostuttaa
ulostuttaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulostuttaa
ulostutettaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulostuttaa
ulostuttaminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ulostuttaa
ulostuttamista                          :Inf4:Par:                ulostuttaa
ulostuttamaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    ulostuttaa
ulostuttava                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulostuttaa
ulostutettava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttama                             :Cip:Age:                 ulostuttaa
ulostuttamaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulostuttaa
ulostuttanut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostuttaneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulostuttaa
ulostutettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulostuttaa
ulosvedin                               :S:Nom:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimen                             :S:Gen:                   ulosvedin
ulosvedintä                             :S:Par:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimessä                           :S:Ine:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimestä                           :S:Ela:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimeen                            :S:Ill:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimellä                           :S:Ade:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimeltä                           :S:Abl:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimelle                           :S:All:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimenä                            :S:Ess:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimettä                           :S:Abe:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimet                             :P:Nom:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimien                            :P:Gen:                   ulosvedin
ulosvedinten                            :P:Gen:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimiä                             :P:Par:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimissä                           :P:Ine:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimistä                           :P:Ela:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimiin                            :P:Ill:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimillä                           :P:Ade:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimille                           :P:All:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetiminä                            :P:Ess:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimin                             :P:Ins:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimittä                           :P:Abe:                   ulosvedin
ulosvetimine                            :P:Kom:                   ulosvedin
ulkonen                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulota
ulkonet                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulkonee                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulkonemme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulkonette                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulkonevat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulotaan                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulota
ulkone                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulota
ulkone                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulkone                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulkone                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulkone                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulkone                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulota                                   :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulkonin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulota
ulkonit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulkoni                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulkonimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulkonitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulkonivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottu                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulonnen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulota
ulonnet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulonnee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulonnemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulonnette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulonnevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottaneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulota
ulonne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulota
ulonne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulonne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulonne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulonne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulonne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottane                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulkonisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulota
ulkonisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulkonisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulkonisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulkonisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulkonisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottaisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulota
ulkonisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulota
ulkonisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulkonisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulkonisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulkonisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulkonisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulkone                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulotkoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulotkaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulotkaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulotkoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulota
ulkone                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottako                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulota
ulota                                   :Inf1:                    ulota
ulotakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  ulota
ulotessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulota
ulottaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulota
uloten                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulota
ulkonemassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulota
ulkonemasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulota
ulkonemaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulota
ulkonemalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulota
ulkonematta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulota
ulkoneman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulota
ulottaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulota
ulkoneminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ulota
ulkonemista                             :Inf4:Par:                ulota
ulkonemaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ulota
ulkoneva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulota
ulottava                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulota
ulonnut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulota
ulottu                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulota
ulkonema                                :Cip:Age:                 ulota
ulkonematon                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulota
ulonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             ulota
ulonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulota
ulonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulota
ulonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulota
ulonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulota
ulonnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulonnut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulota
ulonneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulota
ulottu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulota
ulonnut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulota
ulonneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulota
ulottu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulota
ulotan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottaa
ulotat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulottaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulotamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulotatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotetaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulottaa
ulota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
uloteta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulotin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulottaa
ulotit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulotti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulotimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulotitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulottanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottaa
ulottanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulottanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulottanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulottanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulottaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottaa
ulottaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulottaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulottaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulota                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulottakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulottakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulottakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulottaa
ulota                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottaa                                 :Inf1:                    ulottaa
ulottaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ulottaa
ulottaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulottaa
ulotettaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulottaa
ulottaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulottaa
ulottamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulottaa
ulottamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulottaa
ulottamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulottaa
ulottamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulottaa
ulottamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulottaa
ulottaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulottaa
ulotettaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulottaa
ulottaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ulottaa
ulottamista                             :Inf4:Par:                ulottaa
ulottamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ulottaa
ulottava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulottaa
ulotettava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottama                                :Cip:Age:                 ulottaa
ulottamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulottaa
ulottanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulottaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottaa
ulotettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottaa
ulottaudun                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottautua
ulottaudut                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautuu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottaudumme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottaudutte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautuvat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottaudutaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottaudu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulottauduin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulottautua
ulottauduit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautui                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottauduimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottauduitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautuivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulottautunen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottautua
ulottautunet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautunee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottautunemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottautunette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautunevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautune                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulottautuisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottautua
ulottautuisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottautuisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottautuisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautuisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulottaudu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautukoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottautukaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottautukaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautukoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottaudu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautua                              :Inf1:                    ulottautua
ulottautuakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ulottautua
ulottautuessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulottautua
ulottauduttaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulottautua
ulottautuen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulottautua
ulottautumassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulottautua
ulottautumasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulottautua
ulottautumaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulottautua
ulottautumalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulottautua
ulottautumatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulottautua
ulottautuman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulottautua
ulottauduttaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulottautua
ulottautuminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ulottautua
ulottautumista                          :Inf4:Par:                ulottautua
ulottautumaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    ulottautua
ulottautuva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulottautua
ulottauduttava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautuma                             :Cip:Age:                 ulottautua
ulottautumaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulottautua
ulottautunut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottautuneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottautua
ulottauduttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottautua
ulotteikas                              :S:Nom:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaan                            :S:Gen:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikasta                            :S:Par:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaassa                          :S:Ine:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaasta                          :S:Ela:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaaseen                         :S:Ill:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaalla                          :S:Ade:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaalta                          :S:Abl:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaalle                          :S:All:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaana                           :S:Ess:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaatta                          :S:Abe:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaat                            :P:Nom:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaiden                          :P:Gen:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikaitten                          :P:Gen:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaita                           :P:Par:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaissa                          :P:Ine:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaista                          :P:Ela:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkailla                          :P:Ade:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkailta                          :P:Abl:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaille                          :P:All:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaina                           :P:Ess:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkain                            :P:Ins:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaitta                          :P:Abe:                   ulotteikas
ulotteikkaine                           :P:Kom:                   ulotteikas
ulotteisuus                             :S:Nom:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuden                           :S:Gen:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuutta                           :S:Par:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuudella                         :S:Ade:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuudelle                         :S:All:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuutena                          :S:Ess:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuutta                           :S:Abe:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuudet                           :P:Nom:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksia                          :P:Par:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksille                        :P:All:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ulotteisuus
ulotteisuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   ulotteisuus
ulotun                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottua
ulotut                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottuu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulotumme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulotutte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottuvat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotutaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulottua
ulotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottua
ulotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulotu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulotuin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulottua
ulotuit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottui                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulotuimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulotuitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottuivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulottunen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottua
ulottunet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottunee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulottunemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulottunette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottunevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulottua
ulottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulottuisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulottua
ulottuisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulottuisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulottuisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottuisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulottua
ulottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulotu                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottukoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulottukaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulottukaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottukoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulottua
ulotu                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulottua
ulottua                                 :Inf1:                    ulottua
ulottuakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ulottua
ulottuessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulottua
ulotuttaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulottua
ulottuen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulottua
ulottumassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulottua
ulottumasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulottua
ulottumaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulottua
ulottumalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulottua
ulottumatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulottua
ulottuman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulottua
ulotuttaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulottua
ulottuminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ulottua
ulottumista                             :Inf4:Par:                ulottua
ulottumaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    ulottua
ulottuva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulottua
ulotuttava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulottua
ulottunut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulottua
ulottuma                                :Cip:Age:                 ulottua
ulottumaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottua
ulottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ulottua
ulottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulottua
ulottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulottua
ulottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulottua
ulottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulottunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulottua
ulottunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulottua
ulottuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulottua
ulotuttu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulottua
ulottuma                                :S:Nom:                   ulottuma
ulottuman                               :S:Gen:                   ulottuma
ulottumaa                               :S:Par:                   ulottuma
ulottumassa                             :S:Ine:                   ulottuma
ulottumasta                             :S:Ela:                   ulottuma
ulottumaan                              :S:Ill:                   ulottuma
ulottumalla                             :S:Ade:                   ulottuma
ulottumalta                             :S:Abl:                   ulottuma
ulottumalle                             :S:All:                   ulottuma
ulottumana                              :S:Ess:                   ulottuma
ulottumaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ulottuma
ulottumatta                             :S:Abe:                   ulottuma
ulottumat                               :P:Nom:                   ulottuma
ulottumien                              :P:Gen:                   ulottuma
ulottumain                              :P:Gen:                   ulottuma
ulottumia                               :P:Par:                   ulottuma
ulottumissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulottuma
ulottumista                             :P:Ela:                   ulottuma
ulottumiin                              :P:Ill:                   ulottuma
ulottumilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulottuma
ulottumilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulottuma
ulottumille                             :P:All:                   ulottuma
ulottumina                              :P:Ess:                   ulottuma
ulottumiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulottuma
ulottumin                               :P:Ins:                   ulottuma
ulottumitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulottuma
ulottumine                              :P:Kom:                   ulottuma
ulottuvuus                              :S:Nom:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuden                            :S:Gen:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuutta                            :S:Par:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuudessa                          :S:Ine:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuudesta                          :S:Ela:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuteen                           :S:Ill:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuudella                          :S:Ade:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuudelta                          :S:Abl:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuudelle                          :S:All:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuutena                           :S:Ess:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuudeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuutta                            :S:Abe:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuudet                            :P:Nom:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksien                          :P:Gen:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksia                           :P:Par:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksista                         :P:Ela:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksille                         :P:All:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksina                          :P:Ess:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksin                           :P:Ins:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ulottuvuus
ulottuvuuksine                          :P:Kom:                   ulottuvuus
ulpukka                                 :S:Nom:                   ulpukka
ulpukan                                 :S:Gen:                   ulpukka
ulpukkaa                                :S:Par:                   ulpukka
ulpukassa                               :S:Ine:                   ulpukka
ulpukasta                               :S:Ela:                   ulpukka
ulpukkaan                               :S:Ill:                   ulpukka
ulpukalla                               :S:Ade:                   ulpukka
ulpukalta                               :S:Abl:                   ulpukka
ulpukalle                               :S:All:                   ulpukka
ulpukkana                               :S:Ess:                   ulpukka
ulpukaksi                               :S:Tra:                   ulpukka
ulpukatta                               :S:Abe:                   ulpukka
ulpukat                                 :P:Nom:                   ulpukka
ulpukoiden                              :P:Gen:                   ulpukka
ulpukoitten                             :P:Gen:                   ulpukka
ulpukkojen                              :P:Gen:                   ulpukka
ulpukkain                               :P:Gen:                   ulpukka
ulpukoita                               :P:Par:                   ulpukka
ulpukkoja                               :P:Par:                   ulpukka
ulpukoissa                              :P:Ine:                   ulpukka
ulpukoista                              :P:Ela:                   ulpukka
ulpukkoihin                             :P:Ill:                   ulpukka
ulpukoihin                              :P:Ill:                   ulpukka
ulpukoilla                              :P:Ade:                   ulpukka
ulpukoilta                              :P:Abl:                   ulpukka
ulpukoille                              :P:All:                   ulpukka
ulpukoina                               :P:Ess:                   ulpukka
ulpukoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ulpukka
ulpukoin                                :P:Ins:                   ulpukka
ulpukoitta                              :P:Abe:                   ulpukka
ulpukoine                               :P:Kom:                   ulpukka
ulsteri                                 :S:Nom:                   ulsteri
ulsterin                                :S:Gen:                   ulsteri
ulsteria                                :S:Par:                   ulsteri
ulsterissa                              :S:Ine:                   ulsteri
ulsterista                              :S:Ela:                   ulsteri
ulsteriin                               :S:Ill:                   ulsteri
ulsterilla                              :S:Ade:                   ulsteri
ulsterilta                              :S:Abl:                   ulsteri
ulsterille                              :S:All:                   ulsteri
ulsterina                               :S:Ess:                   ulsteri
ulsteriksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulsteri
ulsteritta                              :S:Abe:                   ulsteri
ulsterit                                :P:Nom:                   ulsteri
ulsterien                               :P:Gen:                   ulsteri
ulstereiden                             :P:Gen:                   ulsteri
ulstereitten                            :P:Gen:                   ulsteri
ulstereja                               :P:Par:                   ulsteri
ulstereita                              :P:Par:                   ulsteri
ulstereissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulsteri
ulstereista                             :P:Ela:                   ulsteri
ulstereihin                             :P:Ill:                   ulsteri
ulstereilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulsteri
ulstereilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulsteri
ulstereille                             :P:All:                   ulsteri
ulstereina                              :P:Ess:                   ulsteri
ulstereiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulsteri
ulsterein                               :P:Ins:                   ulsteri
ulstereitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulsteri
ulstereine                              :P:Kom:                   ulsteri
ultimaatumi                             :S:Nom:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumin                            :S:Gen:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumia                            :S:Par:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumissa                          :S:Ine:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumista                          :S:Ela:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumiin                           :S:Ill:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumilla                          :S:Ade:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumilta                          :S:Abl:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumille                          :S:All:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumina                           :S:Ess:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumiksi                          :S:Tra:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumitta                          :S:Abe:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumit                            :P:Nom:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumien                           :P:Gen:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeiden                         :P:Gen:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeitten                        :P:Gen:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeja                           :P:Par:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeita                          :P:Par:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeissa                         :P:Ine:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeista                         :P:Ela:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeihin                         :P:Ill:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeilla                         :P:Ade:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeilta                         :P:Abl:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeille                         :P:All:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeina                          :P:Ess:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumein                           :P:Ins:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeitta                         :P:Abe:                   ultimaatumi
ultimaatumeine                          :P:Kom:                   ultimaatumi
ultrakevyt                              :S:Nom:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyen                             :S:Gen:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyttä                            :S:Par:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyessä                           :S:Ine:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyestä                           :S:Ela:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyeen                            :S:Ill:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyellä                           :S:Ade:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyeltä                           :S:Abl:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyelle                           :S:All:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyenä                            :S:Ess:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyttä                            :S:Abe:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyet                             :P:Nom:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyiden                           :P:Gen:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyitten                          :P:Gen:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyitä                            :P:Par:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyissä                           :P:Ine:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyistä                           :P:Ela:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyihin                           :P:Ill:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyillä                           :P:Ade:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyille                           :P:All:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyinä                            :P:Ess:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyin                             :P:Ins:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyittä                           :P:Abe:                   ultrakevyt
ultrakevyine                            :P:Kom:                   ultrakevyt
ultralyhyt                              :S:Nom:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyen                             :S:Gen:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyttä                            :S:Par:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyessä                           :S:Ine:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyestä                           :S:Ela:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyeen                            :S:Ill:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyellä                           :S:Ade:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyeltä                           :S:Abl:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyelle                           :S:All:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyenä                            :S:Ess:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyttä                            :S:Abe:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyet                             :P:Nom:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyiden                           :P:Gen:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyitten                          :P:Gen:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyitä                            :P:Par:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyissä                           :P:Ine:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyistä                           :P:Ela:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyihin                           :P:Ill:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyillä                           :P:Ade:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyille                           :P:All:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyinä                            :P:Ess:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyin                             :P:Ins:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyittä                           :P:Abe:                   ultralyhyt
ultralyhyine                            :P:Kom:                   ultralyhyt
ultramariini                            :S:Nom:                   ultramariini
ultramariinin                           :S:Gen:                   ultramariini
ultramariinia                           :S:Par:                   ultramariini
ultramariinissa                         :S:Ine:                   ultramariini
ultramariinista                         :S:Ela:                   ultramariini
ultramariiniin                          :S:Ill:                   ultramariini
ultramariinilla                         :S:Ade:                   ultramariini
ultramariinilta                         :S:Abl:                   ultramariini
ultramariinille                         :S:All:                   ultramariini
ultramariinina                          :S:Ess:                   ultramariini
ultramariiniksi                         :S:Tra:                   ultramariini
ultramariinitta                         :S:Abe:                   ultramariini
ultramariinit                           :P:Nom:                   ultramariini
ultramariinien                          :P:Gen:                   ultramariini
ultramariineja                          :P:Par:                   ultramariini
ultramariineissa                        :P:Ine:                   ultramariini
ultramariineista                        :P:Ela:                   ultramariini
ultramariineihin                        :P:Ill:                   ultramariini
ultramariineilla                        :P:Ade:                   ultramariini
ultramariineilta                        :P:Abl:                   ultramariini
ultramariineille                        :P:All:                   ultramariini
ultramariineina                         :P:Ess:                   ultramariini
ultramariineiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ultramariini
ultramariinein                          :P:Ins:                   ultramariini
ultramariineitta                        :P:Abe:                   ultramariini
ultramariineine                         :P:Kom:                   ultramariini
ultramariininsininen                    :S:Nom:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisen                    :S:Gen:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinistä                    :S:Par:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisessä                  :S:Ine:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisestä                  :S:Ela:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsiniseen                   :S:Ill:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisellä                  :S:Ade:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsiniseltä                  :S:Abl:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsiniselle                  :S:All:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisenä                   :S:Ess:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsiniseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisettä                  :S:Abe:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsiniset                    :P:Nom:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisten                   :P:Gen:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisin                    :P:Gen:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisiä                    :P:Par:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisissä                  :P:Ine:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisistä                  :P:Ela:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisiin                   :P:Ill:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisillä                  :P:Ade:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisiltä                  :P:Abl:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisille                  :P:All:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisinä                   :P:Ess:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisin                    :P:Ins:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisittä                  :P:Abe:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramariininsinisine                   :P:Kom:                   ultramariininsininen
ultramoderni                            :S:Nom:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernin                           :S:Gen:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernia                           :S:Par:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernissa                         :S:Ine:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernista                         :S:Ela:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderniin                          :S:Ill:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernilla                         :S:Ade:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernilta                         :S:Abl:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernille                         :S:All:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernina                          :S:Ess:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderniksi                         :S:Tra:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernitta                         :S:Abe:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernit                           :P:Nom:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernien                          :P:Gen:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneja                          :P:Par:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneissa                        :P:Ine:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneista                        :P:Ela:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneihin                        :P:Ill:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneilla                        :P:Ade:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneilta                        :P:Abl:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneille                        :P:All:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneina                         :P:Ess:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ultramoderni
ultramodernein                          :P:Ins:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneitta                        :P:Abe:                   ultramoderni
ultramoderneine                         :P:Kom:                   ultramoderni
ultraviolettisäteily                    :S:Nom:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyn                   :S:Gen:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyä                   :S:Par:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyssä                 :S:Ine:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilystä                 :S:Ela:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyyn                  :S:Ill:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyllä                 :S:Ade:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyltä                 :S:Abl:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilylle                 :S:All:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilynä                  :S:Ess:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyksi                 :S:Tra:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyttä                 :S:Abe:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyt                   :P:Nom:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyjen                 :P:Gen:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyiden                :P:Gen:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyitten               :P:Gen:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyjä                  :P:Par:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyitä                 :P:Par:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyissä                :P:Ine:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyistä                :P:Ela:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyihin                :P:Ill:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyillä                :P:Ade:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyiltä                :P:Abl:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyille                :P:All:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyinä                 :P:Ess:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyiksi                :P:Tra:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyin                  :P:Ins:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyittä                :P:Abe:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraviolettisäteilyine                 :P:Kom:                   ultraviolettisäteily
ultraääni                               :S:Nom:                   ultraääni
ultraäänen                              :S:Gen:                   ultraääni
ultraääntä                              :S:Par:                   ultraääni
ultraäänessä                            :S:Ine:                   ultraääni
ultraäänestä                            :S:Ela:                   ultraääni
ultraääneen                             :S:Ill:                   ultraääni
ultraäänellä                            :S:Ade:                   ultraääni
ultraääneltä                            :S:Abl:                   ultraääni
ultraäänelle                            :S:All:                   ultraääni
ultraäänenä                             :S:Ess:                   ultraääni
ultraääneksi                            :S:Tra:                   ultraääni
ultraäänettä                            :S:Abe:                   ultraääni
ultraäänet                              :P:Nom:                   ultraääni
ultraäänten                             :P:Gen:                   ultraääni
ultraäänien                             :P:Gen:                   ultraääni
ultraääniä                              :P:Par:                   ultraääni
ultraäänissä                            :P:Ine:                   ultraääni
ultraäänistä                            :P:Ela:                   ultraääni
ultraääniin                             :P:Ill:                   ultraääni
ultraäänillä                            :P:Ade:                   ultraääni
ultraääniltä                            :P:Abl:                   ultraääni
ultraäänille                            :P:All:                   ultraääni
ultraääninä                             :P:Ess:                   ultraääni
ultraääniksi                            :P:Tra:                   ultraääni
ultraäänin                              :P:Ins:                   ultraääni
ultraäänittä                            :P:Abe:                   ultraääni
ultraäänine                             :P:Kom:                   ultraääni
ultraäänikuva                           :S:Nom:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvan                          :S:Gen:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvaa                          :S:Par:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvassa                        :S:Ine:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvasta                        :S:Ela:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvaan                         :S:Ill:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvalla                        :S:Ade:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvalta                        :S:Abl:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvalle                        :S:All:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvana                         :S:Ess:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvatta                        :S:Abe:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvat                          :P:Nom:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvien                         :P:Gen:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvain                         :P:Gen:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvia                          :P:Par:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvissa                        :P:Ine:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvista                        :P:Ela:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuviin                         :P:Ill:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvilla                        :P:Ade:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvilta                        :P:Abl:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuville                        :P:All:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvina                         :P:Ess:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuviksi                        :P:Tra:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvin                          :P:Ins:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvitta                        :P:Abe:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänikuvine                         :P:Kom:                   ultraäänikuva
ultraäänitutkimus                       :S:Nom:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksen                    :S:Gen:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimusta                     :S:Par:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksessa                  :S:Ine:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksesta                  :S:Ela:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimukseen                   :S:Ill:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksella                  :S:Ade:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimukselta                  :S:Abl:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimukselle                  :S:All:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksena                   :S:Ess:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksetta                  :S:Abe:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimukset                    :P:Nom:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimusten                    :P:Gen:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksien                   :P:Gen:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksia                    :P:Par:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksista                  :P:Ela:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksille                  :P:All:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksina                   :P:Ess:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksin                    :P:Ins:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ultraäänitutkimuksine                   :P:Kom:                   ultraäänitutkimus
ulvahtelen                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelet                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelee                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelemme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelette                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelevat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdella                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahtelin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahteli                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahdellen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahtelisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahtelisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahtele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelkoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelkaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelkaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelkoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahtele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdella                              :Inf1:                    ulvahdella
ulvahdellakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ulvahdella
ulvahdellessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulvahdella
ulvahdeltaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulvahdella
ulvahdellen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulvahdella
ulvahtelemassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulvahdella
ulvahtelemasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulvahdella
ulvahtelemaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulvahdella
ulvahtelemalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulvahdella
ulvahtelematta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulvahdella
ulvahteleman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulvahdella
ulvahdeltaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulvahdella
ulvahteleminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ulvahdella
ulvahtelemista                          :Inf4:Par:                ulvahdella
ulvahtelemaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    ulvahdella
ulvahteleva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulvahdella
ulvahdeltava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahtelema                             :Cip:Age:                 ulvahdella
ulvahtelematon                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulvahdella
ulvahdellut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahdella
ulvahdeltu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvahdella
ulvahdus                                :S:Nom:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksen                             :S:Gen:                   ulvahdus
ulvahdusta                              :S:Par:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksessa                           :S:Ine:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksesta                           :S:Ela:                   ulvahdus
ulvahdukseen                            :S:Ill:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksella                           :S:Ade:                   ulvahdus
ulvahdukselta                           :S:Abl:                   ulvahdus
ulvahdukselle                           :S:All:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksena                            :S:Ess:                   ulvahdus
ulvahdukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksetta                           :S:Abe:                   ulvahdus
ulvahdukset                             :P:Nom:                   ulvahdus
ulvahdusten                             :P:Gen:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksien                            :P:Gen:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksia                             :P:Par:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksissa                           :P:Ine:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksista                           :P:Ela:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksiin                            :P:Ill:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksilla                           :P:Ade:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksilta                           :P:Abl:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksille                           :P:All:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksina                            :P:Ess:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksin                             :P:Ins:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksitta                           :P:Abe:                   ulvahdus
ulvahduksine                            :P:Kom:                   ulvahdus
ulvahdan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdeta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvahdin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahditte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvahtanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvahda                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahda                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtaa                                :Inf1:                    ulvahtaa
ulvahtaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ulvahtaa
ulvahtaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulvahtaa
ulvahdettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulvahtaa
ulvahtaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulvahtaa
ulvahtamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulvahtaa
ulvahtamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulvahtaa
ulvahtamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulvahtaa
ulvahtamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulvahtaa
ulvahtamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulvahtaa
ulvahtaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulvahtaa
ulvahdettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulvahtaa
ulvahtaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ulvahtaa
ulvahtamista                            :Inf4:Par:                ulvahtaa
ulvahtamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ulvahtaa
ulvahtava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulvahtaa
ulvahdettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtama                               :Cip:Age:                 ulvahtaa
ulvahtamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulvahtaa
ulvahtanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahtaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvahtaa
ulvahdettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvahtaa
ulvaisin                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvaista
ulvaiset                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaisee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaisemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaisette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaisevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaista                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvaisin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulvaista
ulvaisit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaisi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaisimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaisitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaisivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvaissen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvaista
ulvaisset                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaissee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaissemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaissette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaissevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvaisisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvaista
ulvaisisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaisisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaisisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaisisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvaise                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaiskoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaiskaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaiskaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaiskoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaise                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaista                                :Inf1:                    ulvaista
ulvaistakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ulvaista
ulvaistessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulvaista
ulvaistaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulvaista
ulvaisten                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulvaista
ulvaisemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulvaista
ulvaisemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulvaista
ulvaisemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulvaista
ulvaisemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulvaista
ulvaisematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulvaista
ulvaiseman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulvaista
ulvaistaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulvaista
ulvaiseminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ulvaista
ulvaisemista                            :Inf4:Par:                ulvaista
ulvaisemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ulvaista
ulvaiseva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulvaista
ulvaistava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaisema                               :Cip:Age:                 ulvaista
ulvaisematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulvaista
ulvaissut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaisseet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvaista
ulvaistu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvaista
ulvon                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvoa
ulvot                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvoo                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvomme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvotte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvovat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvotaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvo                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvo                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvo                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvo                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvo                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvo                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvota                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvoin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulvoa
ulvoit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvoi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvoimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvoitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvoivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvonen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvoa
ulvonet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvonee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvonemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvonette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvonevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvoisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvoa
ulvoisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvoisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvoisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvoisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvo                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvokoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvokaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvokaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvokoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvo                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvoa                                   :Inf1:                    ulvoa
ulvoakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  ulvoa
ulvoessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulvoa
ulvottaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulvoa
ulvoen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulvoa
ulvomassa                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulvoa
ulvomasta                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulvoa
ulvomaan                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulvoa
ulvomalla                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulvoa
ulvomatta                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulvoa
ulvoman                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulvoa
ulvottaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulvoa
ulvominen                               :Inf4:Nom:                ulvoa
ulvomista                               :Inf4:Par:                ulvoa
ulvomaisillaan                          :Inf5:                    ulvoa
ulvova                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulvoa
ulvottava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvoma                                  :Cip:Age:                 ulvoa
ulvomaton                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulvoa
ulvonut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvoneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvoa
ulvottu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvoa
ulvonta                                 :S:Nom:                   ulvonta
ulvonnan                                :S:Gen:                   ulvonta
ulvontaa                                :S:Par:                   ulvonta
ulvonnassa                              :S:Ine:                   ulvonta
ulvonnasta                              :S:Ela:                   ulvonta
ulvontaan                               :S:Ill:                   ulvonta
ulvonnalla                              :S:Ade:                   ulvonta
ulvonnalta                              :S:Abl:                   ulvonta
ulvonnalle                              :S:All:                   ulvonta
ulvontana                               :S:Ess:                   ulvonta
ulvonnaksi                              :S:Tra:                   ulvonta
ulvonnatta                              :S:Abe:                   ulvonta
ulvonnat                                :P:Nom:                   ulvonta
ulvontojen                              :P:Gen:                   ulvonta
ulvontain                               :P:Gen:                   ulvonta
ulvontoja                               :P:Par:                   ulvonta
ulvonnoissa                             :P:Ine:                   ulvonta
ulvonnoista                             :P:Ela:                   ulvonta
ulvontoihin                             :P:Ill:                   ulvonta
ulvonnoilla                             :P:Ade:                   ulvonta
ulvonnoilta                             :P:Abl:                   ulvonta
ulvonnoille                             :P:All:                   ulvonta
ulvontoina                              :P:Ess:                   ulvonta
ulvonnoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ulvonta
ulvonnoin                               :P:Ins:                   ulvonta
ulvonnoitta                             :P:Abe:                   ulvonta
ulvontoine                              :P:Kom:                   ulvonta
ulvotan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvottaa
ulvotat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvottaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvotamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvotatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvoteta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
ulvotin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ulvottaa
ulvotit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvotti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvotimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvotitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
ulvottanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvottaa
ulvottanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvottanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvottanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvottanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
ulvottaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ulvottaa
ulvottaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvottaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvottaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
ulvota                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvottakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvottakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvottakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvota                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottaa                                :Inf1:                    ulvottaa
ulvottaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ulvottaa
ulvottaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ulvottaa
ulvotettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ulvottaa
ulvottaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ulvottaa
ulvottamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ulvottaa
ulvottamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ulvottaa
ulvottamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ulvottaa
ulvottamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ulvottaa
ulvottamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ulvottaa
ulvottaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ulvottaa
ulvotettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ulvottaa
ulvottaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ulvottaa
ulvottamista                            :Inf4:Par:                ulvottaa
ulvottamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ulvottaa
ulvottava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ulvottaa
ulvotettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottama                               :Cip:Age:                 ulvottaa
ulvottamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ulvottaa
ulvottanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvottaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ulvottaa
ulvotettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ulvottaa
umbra                                   :S:Nom:                   umbra
umbran                                  :S:Gen:                   umbra
umbraa                                  :S:Par:                   umbra
umbrassa                                :S:Ine:                   umbra
umbrasta                                :S:Ela:                   umbra
umbraan                                 :S:Ill:                   umbra
umbralla                                :S:Ade:                   umbra
umbralta                                :S:Abl:                   umbra
umbralle                                :S:All:                   umbra
umbrana                                 :S:Ess:                   umbra
umbraksi                                :S:Tra:                   umbra
umbratta                                :S:Abe:                   umbra
umbrat                                  :P:Nom:                   umbra
umbrien                                 :P:Gen:                   umbra
umbrain                                 :P:Gen:                   umbra
umbria                                  :P:Par:                   umbra
umbrissa                                :P:Ine:                   umbra
umbrista                                :P:Ela:                   umbra
umbriin                                 :P:Ill:                   umbra
umbrilla                                :P:Ade:                   umbra
umbrilta                                :P:Abl:                   umbra
umbrille                                :P:All:                   umbra
umbrina                                 :P:Ess:                   umbra
umbriksi                                :P:Tra:                   umbra
umbrin                                  :P:Ins:                   umbra
umbritta                                :P:Abe:                   umbra
umbrine                                 :P:Kom:                   umbra
ummehdun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ummehtua
ummehdut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehdumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehdutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehdutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehdu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehdu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehdu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehdu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehdu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehdu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehduin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ummehtua
ummehduit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehduimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehduitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehtunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ummehtua
ummehtunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehtunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehtunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehtuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ummehtua
ummehtuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehtuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehtuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehdu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehtukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehtukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehdu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtua                                :Inf1:                    ummehtua
ummehtuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ummehtua
ummehtuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ummehtua
ummehduttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ummehtua
ummehtuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ummehtua
ummehtumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ummehtua
ummehtumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ummehtua
ummehtumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ummehtua
ummehtumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ummehtua
ummehtumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ummehtua
ummehtuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ummehtua
ummehduttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ummehtua
ummehtuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ummehtua
ummehtumista                            :Inf4:Par:                ummehtua
ummehtumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ummehtua
ummehtuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ummehtua
ummehduttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtuma                               :Cip:Age:                 ummehtua
ummehtumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ummehtua
ummehtunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehtuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummehtua
ummehduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ummehtua
ummehtuneisuus                          :S:Nom:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuutta                        :S:Par:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuudelle                      :S:All:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksille                     :P:All:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummehtuneisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   ummehtuneisuus
ummetus                                 :S:Nom:                   ummetus
ummetuksen                              :S:Gen:                   ummetus
ummetusta                               :S:Par:                   ummetus
ummetuksessa                            :S:Ine:                   ummetus
ummetuksesta                            :S:Ela:                   ummetus
ummetukseen                             :S:Ill:                   ummetus
ummetuksella                            :S:Ade:                   ummetus
ummetukselta                            :S:Abl:                   ummetus
ummetukselle                            :S:All:                   ummetus
ummetuksena                             :S:Ess:                   ummetus
ummetukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ummetus
ummetuksetta                            :S:Abe:                   ummetus
ummetukset                              :P:Nom:                   ummetus
ummetusten                              :P:Gen:                   ummetus
ummetuksien                             :P:Gen:                   ummetus
ummetuksia                              :P:Par:                   ummetus
ummetuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   ummetus
ummetuksista                            :P:Ela:                   ummetus
ummetuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ummetus
ummetuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   ummetus
ummetuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   ummetus
ummetuksille                            :P:All:                   ummetus
ummetuksina                             :P:Ess:                   ummetus
ummetuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ummetus
ummetuksin                              :P:Ins:                   ummetus
ummetuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   ummetus
ummetuksine                             :P:Kom:                   ummetus
ummikko                                 :S:Nom:                   ummikko
ummikon                                 :S:Gen:                   ummikko
ummikkoa                                :S:Par:                   ummikko
ummikossa                               :S:Ine:                   ummikko
ummikosta                               :S:Ela:                   ummikko
ummikkoon                               :S:Ill:                   ummikko
ummikolla                               :S:Ade:                   ummikko
ummikolta                               :S:Abl:                   ummikko
ummikolle                               :S:All:                   ummikko
ummikkona                               :S:Ess:                   ummikko
ummikoksi                               :S:Tra:                   ummikko
ummikotta                               :S:Abe:                   ummikko
ummikot                                 :P:Nom:                   ummikko
ummikkojen                              :P:Gen:                   ummikko
ummikoiden                              :P:Gen:                   ummikko
ummikoitten                             :P:Gen:                   ummikko
ummikkoja                               :P:Par:                   ummikko
ummikoita                               :P:Par:                   ummikko
ummikoissa                              :P:Ine:                   ummikko
ummikoista                              :P:Ela:                   ummikko
ummikkoihin                             :P:Ill:                   ummikko
ummikoihin                              :P:Ill:                   ummikko
ummikoilla                              :P:Ade:                   ummikko
ummikoilta                              :P:Abl:                   ummikko
ummikoille                              :P:All:                   ummikko
ummikkoina                              :P:Ess:                   ummikko
ummikoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ummikko
ummikoin                                :P:Ins:                   ummikko
ummikoitta                              :P:Abe:                   ummikko
ummikoine                               :P:Kom:                   ummikko
ummistan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ummistaa
ummistat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummistaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ummistaa
ummista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummisteta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
ummistin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ummistaa
ummistit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummisti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
ummistanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ummistaa
ummistanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummistanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
ummistaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ummistaa
ummistaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
ummista                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummistakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ummistaa
ummista                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistaa                                :Inf1:                    ummistaa
ummistaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ummistaa
ummistaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ummistaa
ummistettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ummistaa
ummistaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ummistaa
ummistamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ummistaa
ummistamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ummistaa
ummistamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ummistaa
ummistamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ummistaa
ummistamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ummistaa
ummistaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ummistaa
ummistettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ummistaa
ummistaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ummistaa
ummistamista                            :Inf4:Par:                ummistaa
ummistamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ummistaa
ummistava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ummistaa
ummistettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistama                               :Cip:Age:                 ummistaa
ummistamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ummistaa
ummistanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ummistaa
ummistettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ummistaa
umpeenmeno                              :S:Nom:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenon                             :S:Gen:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoa                             :S:Par:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenossa                           :S:Ine:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenosta                           :S:Ela:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoon                            :S:Ill:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenolla                           :S:Ade:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenolta                           :S:Abl:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenolle                           :S:All:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenona                            :S:Ess:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoksi                           :S:Tra:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenotta                           :S:Abe:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenot                             :P:Nom:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenojen                           :P:Gen:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoja                            :P:Par:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoissa                          :P:Ine:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoista                          :P:Ela:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoihin                          :P:Ill:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoilla                          :P:Ade:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoilta                          :P:Abl:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoille                          :P:All:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoina                           :P:Ess:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoin                            :P:Ins:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoitta                          :P:Abe:                   umpeenmeno
umpeenmenoine                           :P:Kom:                   umpeenmeno
umpeennun                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeentua
umpeennut                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentuu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeennumme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeennutte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentuvat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennutaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeennu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeennuin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          umpeentua
umpeennuit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentui                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeennuimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeennuitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentuivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeentunen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeentua
umpeentunet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentunee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeentunemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeentunette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentunevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeentuisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeentua
umpeentuisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeentuisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeentuisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentuisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeennu                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentukoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeentukaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeentukaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentukoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeennu                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentua                               :Inf1:                    umpeentua
umpeentuakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  umpeentua
umpeentuessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            umpeentua
umpeennuttaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            umpeentua
umpeentuen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            umpeentua
umpeentumassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            umpeentua
umpeentumasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            umpeentua
umpeentumaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            umpeentua
umpeentumalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            umpeentua
umpeentumatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            umpeentua
umpeentuman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            umpeentua
umpeennuttaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            umpeentua
umpeentuminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                umpeentua
umpeentumista                           :Inf4:Par:                umpeentua
umpeentumaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    umpeentua
umpeentuva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             umpeentua
umpeennuttava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentuma                              :Cip:Age:                 umpeentua
umpeentumaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             umpeentua
umpeentunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeentuneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeentua
umpeennuttu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeentua
umpeutan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeuttaa
umpeutat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeutatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttavat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuteta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeutin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          umpeuttaa
umpeutit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeutti                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeutitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeuttanen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeuta                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttakaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttakaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttakoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuta                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttaa                               :Inf1:                    umpeuttaa
umpeuttaakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  umpeuttaa
umpeuttaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            umpeuttaa
umpeutettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            umpeuttaa
umpeuttaen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            umpeuttaa
umpeuttamassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            umpeuttaa
umpeuttamasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            umpeuttaa
umpeuttamaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            umpeuttaa
umpeuttamalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            umpeuttaa
umpeuttamatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            umpeuttaa
umpeuttaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            umpeuttaa
umpeutettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            umpeuttaa
umpeuttaminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                umpeuttaa
umpeuttamista                           :Inf4:Par:                umpeuttaa
umpeuttamaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    umpeuttaa
umpeuttava                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             umpeuttaa
umpeutettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttama                              :Cip:Age:                 umpeuttaa
umpeuttamaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             umpeuttaa
umpeuttanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeuttaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeuttaa
umpeutettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeuttaa
umpeudun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeutua
umpeudut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeudumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeudutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeudutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpeuduin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          umpeutua
umpeuduit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeuduimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeuduitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpeutunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeutua
umpeutunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeutunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeutunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpeutuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpeutua
umpeutuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeutuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeutuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpeudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeutukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeutukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutua                                :Inf1:                    umpeutua
umpeutuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  umpeutua
umpeutuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            umpeutua
umpeuduttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            umpeutua
umpeutuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            umpeutua
umpeutumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            umpeutua
umpeutumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            umpeutua
umpeutumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            umpeutua
umpeutumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            umpeutua
umpeutumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            umpeutua
umpeutuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            umpeutua
umpeuduttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            umpeutua
umpeutuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                umpeutua
umpeutumista                            :Inf4:Par:                umpeutua
umpeutumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    umpeutua
umpeutuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             umpeutua
umpeuduttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutuma                               :Cip:Age:                 umpeutua
umpeutumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             umpeutua
umpeutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpeutua
umpeuduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpeutua
umpi                                    :S:Nom:                   umpi
ummen                                   :S:Gen:                   umpi
umpea                                   :S:Par:                   umpi
ummessa                                 :S:Ine:                   umpi
ummesta                                 :S:Ela:                   umpi
umpeen                                  :S:Ill:                   umpi
ummella                                 :S:Ade:                   umpi
ummelta                                 :S:Abl:                   umpi
ummelle                                 :S:All:                   umpi
umpena                                  :S:Ess:                   umpi
ummeksi                                 :S:Tra:                   umpi
ummetta                                 :S:Abe:                   umpi
ummet                                   :P:Nom:                   umpi
umpien                                  :P:Gen:                   umpi
umpia                                   :P:Par:                   umpi
ummissa                                 :P:Ine:                   umpi
ummista                                 :P:Ela:                   umpi
umpiin                                  :P:Ill:                   umpi
ummilla                                 :P:Ade:                   umpi
ummilta                                 :P:Abl:                   umpi
ummille                                 :P:All:                   umpi
umpina                                  :P:Ess:                   umpi
ummiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   umpi
ummin                                   :P:Ins:                   umpi
ummitta                                 :P:Abe:                   umpi
umpine                                  :P:Kom:                   umpi
umpiauto                                :S:Nom:                   umpiauto
umpiauton                               :S:Gen:                   umpiauto
umpiautoa                               :S:Par:                   umpiauto
umpiautossa                             :S:Ine:                   umpiauto
umpiautosta                             :S:Ela:                   umpiauto
umpiautoon                              :S:Ill:                   umpiauto
umpiautolla                             :S:Ade:                   umpiauto
umpiautolta                             :S:Abl:                   umpiauto
umpiautolle                             :S:All:                   umpiauto
umpiautona                              :S:Ess:                   umpiauto
umpiautoksi                             :S:Tra:                   umpiauto
umpiautotta                             :S:Abe:                   umpiauto
umpiautot                               :P:Nom:                   umpiauto
umpiautojen                             :P:Gen:                   umpiauto
umpiautoja                              :P:Par:                   umpiauto
umpiautoissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpiauto
umpiautoista                            :P:Ela:                   umpiauto
umpiautoihin                            :P:Ill:                   umpiauto
umpiautoilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpiauto
umpiautoilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpiauto
umpiautoille                            :P:All:                   umpiauto
umpiautoina                             :P:Ess:                   umpiauto
umpiautoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpiauto
umpiautoin                              :P:Ins:                   umpiauto
umpiautoitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpiauto
umpiautoine                             :P:Kom:                   umpiauto
umpierite                               :S:Nom:                   umpierite
umpieritteen                            :S:Gen:                   umpierite
umpieritettä                            :S:Par:                   umpierite
umpieritteessä                          :S:Ine:                   umpierite
umpieritteestä                          :S:Ela:                   umpierite
umpieritteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   umpierite
umpieritteellä                          :S:Ade:                   umpierite
umpieritteeltä                          :S:Abl:                   umpierite
umpieritteelle                          :S:All:                   umpierite
umpieritteenä                           :S:Ess:                   umpierite
umpieritteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   umpierite
umpieritteettä                          :S:Abe:                   umpierite
umpieritteet                            :P:Nom:                   umpierite
umpieritteiden                          :P:Gen:                   umpierite
umpieriteitten                          :P:Gen:                   umpierite
umpieritteitä                           :P:Par:                   umpierite
umpieritteissä                          :P:Ine:                   umpierite
umpieritteistä                          :P:Ela:                   umpierite
umpieritteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   umpierite
umpieritteihin                          :P:Ill:                   umpierite
umpieritteillä                          :P:Ade:                   umpierite
umpieritteiltä                          :P:Abl:                   umpierite
umpieritteille                          :P:All:                   umpierite
umpieritteinä                           :P:Ess:                   umpierite
umpieritteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   umpierite
umpierittein                            :P:Ins:                   umpierite
umpieritteittä                          :P:Abe:                   umpierite
umpieritteine                           :P:Kom:                   umpierite
umpieritteinen                          :S:Nom:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisen                          :S:Gen:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteista                          :S:Par:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisessa                        :S:Ine:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisesta                        :S:Ela:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteiseen                         :S:Ill:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisella                        :S:Ade:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteiselta                        :S:Abl:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteiselle                        :S:All:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisena                         :S:Ess:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisetta                        :S:Abe:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteiset                          :P:Nom:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisten                         :P:Gen:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisin                          :P:Gen:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisia                          :P:Par:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisissa                        :P:Ine:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisista                        :P:Ela:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisilla                        :P:Ade:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisilta                        :P:Abl:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisille                        :P:All:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisina                         :P:Ess:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisin                          :P:Ins:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisitta                        :P:Abe:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritteisine                         :P:Kom:                   umpieritteinen
umpieritys                              :S:Nom:                   umpieritys
umpierityksen                           :S:Gen:                   umpieritys
umpieritystä                            :S:Par:                   umpieritys
umpierityksessä                         :S:Ine:                   umpieritys
umpierityksestä                         :S:Ela:                   umpieritys
umpieritykseen                          :S:Ill:                   umpieritys
umpierityksellä                         :S:Ade:                   umpieritys
umpieritykseltä                         :S:Abl:                   umpieritys
umpieritykselle                         :S:All:                   umpieritys
umpierityksenä                          :S:Ess:                   umpieritys
umpieritykseksi                         :S:Tra:                   umpieritys
umpierityksettä                         :S:Abe:                   umpieritys
umpieritykset                           :P:Nom:                   umpieritys
umpieritysten                           :P:Gen:                   umpieritys
umpierityksien                          :P:Gen:                   umpieritys
umpierityksiä                           :P:Par:                   umpieritys
umpierityksissä                         :P:Ine:                   umpieritys
umpierityksistä                         :P:Ela:                   umpieritys
umpierityksiin                          :P:Ill:                   umpieritys
umpierityksillä                         :P:Ade:                   umpieritys
umpierityksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   umpieritys
umpierityksille                         :P:All:                   umpieritys
umpierityksinä                          :P:Ess:                   umpieritys
umpierityksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   umpieritys
umpierityksin                           :P:Ins:                   umpieritys
umpierityksittä                         :P:Abe:                   umpieritys
umpierityksine                          :P:Kom:                   umpieritys
umpihanki                               :S:Nom:                   umpihanki
umpihangen                              :S:Gen:                   umpihanki
umpihankea                              :S:Par:                   umpihanki
umpihangessa                            :S:Ine:                   umpihanki
umpihangesta                            :S:Ela:                   umpihanki
umpihankeen                             :S:Ill:                   umpihanki
umpihangella                            :S:Ade:                   umpihanki
umpihangelta                            :S:Abl:                   umpihanki
umpihangelle                            :S:All:                   umpihanki
umpihankena                             :S:Ess:                   umpihanki
umpihangeksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpihanki
umpihangetta                            :S:Abe:                   umpihanki
umpihanget                              :P:Nom:                   umpihanki
umpihankien                             :P:Gen:                   umpihanki
umpihankia                              :P:Par:                   umpihanki
umpihangissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpihanki
umpihangista                            :P:Ela:                   umpihanki
umpihankiin                             :P:Ill:                   umpihanki
umpihangilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpihanki
umpihangilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpihanki
umpihangille                            :P:All:                   umpihanki
umpihankina                             :P:Ess:                   umpihanki
umpihangiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpihanki
umpihangin                              :P:Ins:                   umpihanki
umpihangitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpihanki
umpihankine                             :P:Kom:                   umpihanki
umpihankihiihto                         :S:Nom:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdon                        :S:Gen:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihtoa                        :S:Par:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdossa                      :S:Ine:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdosta                      :S:Ela:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihtoon                       :S:Ill:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdolla                      :S:Ade:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdolta                      :S:Abl:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdolle                      :S:All:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihtona                       :S:Ess:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoksi                      :S:Tra:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdotta                      :S:Abe:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdot                        :P:Nom:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihtojen                      :P:Gen:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihtoja                       :P:Par:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoissa                     :P:Ine:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoista                     :P:Ela:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihtoihin                     :P:Ill:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoilla                     :P:Ade:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoilta                     :P:Abl:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoille                     :P:All:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihtoina                      :P:Ess:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoin                       :P:Ins:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihdoitta                     :P:Abe:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihankihiihtoine                      :P:Kom:                   umpihankihiihto
umpihumala                              :S:Nom:                   umpihumala
umpihumalan                             :S:Gen:                   umpihumala
umpihumalaa                             :S:Par:                   umpihumala
umpihumalassa                           :S:Ine:                   umpihumala
umpihumalasta                           :S:Ela:                   umpihumala
umpihumalaan                            :S:Ill:                   umpihumala
umpihumalalla                           :S:Ade:                   umpihumala
umpihumalalta                           :S:Abl:                   umpihumala
umpihumalalle                           :S:All:                   umpihumala
umpihumalana                            :S:Ess:                   umpihumala
umpihumalaksi                           :S:Tra:                   umpihumala
umpihumalatta                           :S:Abe:                   umpihumala
umpihumalat                             :P:Nom:                   umpihumala
umpihumalien                            :P:Gen:                   umpihumala
umpihumalain                            :P:Gen:                   umpihumala
umpihumalia                             :P:Par:                   umpihumala
umpihumalissa                           :P:Ine:                   umpihumala
umpihumalista                           :P:Ela:                   umpihumala
umpihumaliin                            :P:Ill:                   umpihumala
umpihumalilla                           :P:Ade:                   umpihumala
umpihumalilta                           :P:Abl:                   umpihumala
umpihumalille                           :P:All:                   umpihumala
umpihumalina                            :P:Ess:                   umpihumala
umpihumaliksi                           :P:Tra:                   umpihumala
umpihumalin                             :P:Ins:                   umpihumala
umpihumalitta                           :P:Abe:                   umpihumala
umpihumaline                            :P:Kom:                   umpihumala
umpijää                                 :S:Nom:                   umpijää
umpijään                                :S:Gen:                   umpijää
umpijäätä                               :S:Par:                   umpijää
umpijäässä                              :S:Ine:                   umpijää
umpijäästä                              :S:Ela:                   umpijää
umpijäähän                              :S:Ill:                   umpijää
umpijäällä                              :S:Ade:                   umpijää
umpijäältä                              :S:Abl:                   umpijää
umpijäälle                              :S:All:                   umpijää
umpijäänä                               :S:Ess:                   umpijää
umpijääksi                              :S:Tra:                   umpijää
umpijäättä                              :S:Abe:                   umpijää
umpijäät                                :P:Nom:                   umpijää
umpijäiden                              :P:Gen:                   umpijää
umpijäitten                             :P:Gen:                   umpijää
umpijäitä                               :P:Par:                   umpijää
umpijäissä                              :P:Ine:                   umpijää
umpijäistä                              :P:Ela:                   umpijää
umpijäihin                              :P:Ill:                   umpijää
umpijäillä                              :P:Ade:                   umpijää
umpijäiltä                              :P:Abl:                   umpijää
umpijäille                              :P:All:                   umpijää
umpijäinä                               :P:Ess:                   umpijää
umpijäiksi                              :P:Tra:                   umpijää
umpijäin                                :P:Ins:                   umpijää
umpijäittä                              :P:Abe:                   umpijää
umpijäine                               :P:Kom:                   umpijää
umpikatu                                :S:Nom:                   umpikatu
umpikadun                               :S:Gen:                   umpikatu
umpikatua                               :S:Par:                   umpikatu
umpikadussa                             :S:Ine:                   umpikatu
umpikadusta                             :S:Ela:                   umpikatu
umpikatuun                              :S:Ill:                   umpikatu
umpikadulla                             :S:Ade:                   umpikatu
umpikadulta                             :S:Abl:                   umpikatu
umpikadulle                             :S:All:                   umpikatu
umpikatuna                              :S:Ess:                   umpikatu
umpikaduksi                             :S:Tra:                   umpikatu
umpikadutta                             :S:Abe:                   umpikatu
umpikadut                               :P:Nom:                   umpikatu
umpikatujen                             :P:Gen:                   umpikatu
umpikatuja                              :P:Par:                   umpikatu
umpikaduissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpikatu
umpikaduista                            :P:Ela:                   umpikatu
umpikatuihin                            :P:Ill:                   umpikatu
umpikaduilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpikatu
umpikaduilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpikatu
umpikaduille                            :P:All:                   umpikatu
umpikatuina                             :P:Ess:                   umpikatu
umpikaduiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpikatu
umpikaduin                              :P:Ins:                   umpikatu
umpikaduitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpikatu
umpikatuine                             :P:Kom:                   umpikatu
umpikela                                :S:Nom:                   umpikela
umpikelan                               :S:Gen:                   umpikela
umpikelaa                               :S:Par:                   umpikela
umpikelassa                             :S:Ine:                   umpikela
umpikelasta                             :S:Ela:                   umpikela
umpikelaan                              :S:Ill:                   umpikela
umpikelalla                             :S:Ade:                   umpikela
umpikelalta                             :S:Abl:                   umpikela
umpikelalle                             :S:All:                   umpikela
umpikelana                              :S:Ess:                   umpikela
umpikelaksi                             :S:Tra:                   umpikela
umpikelatta                             :S:Abe:                   umpikela
umpikelat                               :P:Nom:                   umpikela
umpikelojen                             :P:Gen:                   umpikela
umpikelain                              :P:Gen:                   umpikela
umpikeloja                              :P:Par:                   umpikela
umpikeloissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpikela
umpikeloista                            :P:Ela:                   umpikela
umpikeloihin                            :P:Ill:                   umpikela
umpikeloilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpikela
umpikeloilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpikela
umpikeloille                            :P:All:                   umpikela
umpikeloina                             :P:Ess:                   umpikela
umpikeloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpikela
umpikeloin                              :P:Ins:                   umpikela
umpikeloitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpikela
umpikeloine                             :P:Kom:                   umpikela
umpikiero                               :S:Nom:                   umpikiero
umpikieron                              :S:Gen:                   umpikiero
umpikieroa                              :S:Par:                   umpikiero
umpikierossa                            :S:Ine:                   umpikiero
umpikierosta                            :S:Ela:                   umpikiero
umpikieroon                             :S:Ill:                   umpikiero
umpikierolla                            :S:Ade:                   umpikiero
umpikierolta                            :S:Abl:                   umpikiero
umpikierolle                            :S:All:                   umpikiero
umpikierona                             :S:Ess:                   umpikiero
umpikieroksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpikiero
umpikierotta                            :S:Abe:                   umpikiero
umpikierot                              :P:Nom:                   umpikiero
umpikierojen                            :P:Gen:                   umpikiero
umpikieroja                             :P:Par:                   umpikiero
umpikieroissa                           :P:Ine:                   umpikiero
umpikieroista                           :P:Ela:                   umpikiero
umpikieroihin                           :P:Ill:                   umpikiero
umpikieroilla                           :P:Ade:                   umpikiero
umpikieroilta                           :P:Abl:                   umpikiero
umpikieroille                           :P:All:                   umpikiero
umpikieroina                            :P:Ess:                   umpikiero
umpikieroiksi                           :P:Tra:                   umpikiero
umpikieroin                             :P:Ins:                   umpikiero
umpikieroitta                           :P:Abe:                   umpikiero
umpikieroine                            :P:Kom:                   umpikiero
umpikuja                                :S:Nom:                   umpikuja
umpikujan                               :S:Gen:                   umpikuja
umpikujaa                               :S:Par:                   umpikuja
umpikujassa                             :S:Ine:                   umpikuja
umpikujasta                             :S:Ela:                   umpikuja
umpikujaan                              :S:Ill:                   umpikuja
umpikujalla                             :S:Ade:                   umpikuja
umpikujalta                             :S:Abl:                   umpikuja
umpikujalle                             :S:All:                   umpikuja
umpikujana                              :S:Ess:                   umpikuja
umpikujaksi                             :S:Tra:                   umpikuja
umpikujatta                             :S:Abe:                   umpikuja
umpikujat                               :P:Nom:                   umpikuja
umpikujien                              :P:Gen:                   umpikuja
umpikujain                              :P:Gen:                   umpikuja
umpikujia                               :P:Par:                   umpikuja
umpikujissa                             :P:Ine:                   umpikuja
umpikujista                             :P:Ela:                   umpikuja
umpikujiin                              :P:Ill:                   umpikuja
umpikujilla                             :P:Ade:                   umpikuja
umpikujilta                             :P:Abl:                   umpikuja
umpikujille                             :P:All:                   umpikuja
umpikujina                              :P:Ess:                   umpikuja
umpikujiksi                             :P:Tra:                   umpikuja
umpikujin                               :P:Ins:                   umpikuja
umpikujitta                             :P:Abe:                   umpikuja
umpikujine                              :P:Kom:                   umpikuja
umpikuuro                               :S:Nom:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuron                              :S:Gen:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroa                              :S:Par:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurossa                            :S:Ine:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurosta                            :S:Ela:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroon                             :S:Ill:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurolla                            :S:Ade:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurolta                            :S:Abl:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurolle                            :S:All:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurona                             :S:Ess:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurotta                            :S:Abe:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurot                              :P:Nom:                   umpikuuro
umpikuurojen                            :P:Gen:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroja                             :P:Par:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroissa                           :P:Ine:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroista                           :P:Ela:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroihin                           :P:Ill:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroilla                           :P:Ade:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroilta                           :P:Abl:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroille                           :P:All:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroina                            :P:Ess:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroiksi                           :P:Tra:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroin                             :P:Ins:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroitta                           :P:Abe:                   umpikuuro
umpikuuroine                            :P:Kom:                   umpikuuro
umpikänninen                            :S:Nom:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisen                            :S:Gen:                   umpikänninen
umpikännistä                            :S:Par:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisessä                          :S:Ine:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisestä                          :S:Ela:                   umpikänninen
umpikänniseen                           :S:Ill:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisellä                          :S:Ade:                   umpikänninen
umpikänniseltä                          :S:Abl:                   umpikänninen
umpikänniselle                          :S:All:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisenä                           :S:Ess:                   umpikänninen
umpikänniseksi                          :S:Tra:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisettä                          :S:Abe:                   umpikänninen
umpikänniset                            :P:Nom:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisten                           :P:Gen:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisin                            :P:Gen:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisiä                            :P:Par:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisissä                          :P:Ine:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisistä                          :P:Ela:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisiin                           :P:Ill:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisillä                          :P:Ade:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisille                          :P:All:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisinä                           :P:Ess:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisin                            :P:Ins:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisittä                          :P:Abe:                   umpikänninen
umpikännisine                           :P:Kom:                   umpikänninen
umpilippu                               :S:Nom:                   umpilippu
umpilipun                               :S:Gen:                   umpilippu
umpilippua                              :S:Par:                   umpilippu
umpilipussa                             :S:Ine:                   umpilippu
umpilipusta                             :S:Ela:                   umpilippu
umpilippuun                             :S:Ill:                   umpilippu
umpilipulla                             :S:Ade:                   umpilippu
umpilipulta                             :S:Abl:                   umpilippu
umpilipulle                             :S:All:                   umpilippu
umpilippuna                             :S:Ess:                   umpilippu
umpilipuksi                             :S:Tra:                   umpilippu
umpiliputta                             :S:Abe:                   umpilippu
umpiliput                               :P:Nom:                   umpilippu
umpilippujen                            :P:Gen:                   umpilippu
umpilippuja                             :P:Par:                   umpilippu
umpilipuissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpilippu
umpilipuista                            :P:Ela:                   umpilippu
umpilippuihin                           :P:Ill:                   umpilippu
umpilipuilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpilippu
umpilipuilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpilippu
umpilipuille                            :P:All:                   umpilippu
umpilippuina                            :P:Ess:                   umpilippu
umpilipuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpilippu
umpilipuin                              :P:Ins:                   umpilippu
umpilipuitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpilippu
umpilippuine                            :P:Kom:                   umpilippu
umpilisäke                              :S:Nom:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeen                           :S:Gen:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkettä                           :S:Par:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeessä                         :S:Ine:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeestä                         :S:Ela:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeeseen                        :S:Ill:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeellä                         :S:Ade:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeeltä                         :S:Abl:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeelle                         :S:All:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeenä                          :S:Ess:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeeksi                         :S:Tra:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeettä                         :S:Abe:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeet                           :P:Nom:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeiden                         :P:Gen:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkeitten                         :P:Gen:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeitä                          :P:Par:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeissä                         :P:Ine:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeistä                         :P:Ela:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeisiin                        :P:Ill:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeihin                         :P:Ill:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeillä                         :P:Ade:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeille                         :P:All:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeinä                          :P:Ess:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkein                           :P:Ins:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeittä                         :P:Abe:                   umpilisäke
umpilisäkkeine                          :P:Kom:                   umpilisäke
umpilua                                 :S:Nom:                   umpiluu
umpiluan                                :S:Gen:                   umpiluu
umpiluata                               :S:Par:                   umpiluu
umpiluassa                              :S:Ine:                   umpiluu
umpiluasta                              :S:Ela:                   umpiluu
umpiluuhun                              :S:Ill:                   umpiluu
umpilualla                              :S:Ade:                   umpiluu
umpilualta                              :S:Abl:                   umpiluu
umpilualle                              :S:All:                   umpiluu
umpiluana                               :S:Ess:                   umpiluu
umpiluaksi                              :S:Tra:                   umpiluu
umpiluatta                              :S:Abe:                   umpiluu
umpiluat                                :P:Nom:                   umpiluu
umpiluiden                              :P:Gen:                   umpiluu
umpiluitten                             :P:Gen:                   umpiluu
umpiluita                               :P:Par:                   umpiluu
umpiluissa                              :P:Ine:                   umpiluu
umpiluista                              :P:Ela:                   umpiluu
umpiluihin                              :P:Ill:                   umpiluu
umpiluilla                              :P:Ade:                   umpiluu
umpiluilta                              :P:Abl:                   umpiluu
umpiluille                              :P:All:                   umpiluu
umpiluina                               :P:Ess:                   umpiluu
umpiluiksi                              :P:Tra:                   umpiluu
umpiluin                                :P:Ins:                   umpiluu
umpiluitta                              :P:Abe:                   umpiluu
umpiluine                               :P:Kom:                   umpiluu
umpimielinen                            :S:Nom:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisen                            :S:Gen:                   umpimielinen
umpimielistä                            :S:Par:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisessä                          :S:Ine:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisestä                          :S:Ela:                   umpimielinen
umpimieliseen                           :S:Ill:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisellä                          :S:Ade:                   umpimielinen
umpimieliseltä                          :S:Abl:                   umpimielinen
umpimieliselle                          :S:All:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisenä                           :S:Ess:                   umpimielinen
umpimieliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisettä                          :S:Abe:                   umpimielinen
umpimieliset                            :P:Nom:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisten                           :P:Gen:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisin                            :P:Gen:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisiä                            :P:Par:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisissä                          :P:Ine:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisistä                          :P:Ela:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisiin                           :P:Ill:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisillä                          :P:Ade:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisille                          :P:All:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisinä                           :P:Ess:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisin                            :P:Ins:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisittä                          :P:Abe:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisine                           :P:Kom:                   umpimielinen
umpimielisyys                           :S:Nom:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyden                         :S:Gen:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyttä                         :S:Par:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyydessä                       :S:Ine:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyydestä                       :S:Ela:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyteen                        :S:Ill:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyydellä                       :S:Ade:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyydeltä                       :S:Abl:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyydelle                       :S:All:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyytenä                        :S:Ess:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyydeksi                       :S:Tra:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyttä                         :S:Abe:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyydet                         :P:Nom:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksien                       :P:Gen:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksiä                        :P:Par:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksille                      :P:All:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksin                        :P:Ins:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   umpimielisyys
umpimielisyyksine                       :P:Kom:                   umpimielisyys
umpimurtuma                             :S:Nom:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtuman                            :S:Gen:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumaa                            :S:Par:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumassa                          :S:Ine:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumasta                          :S:Ela:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumaan                           :S:Ill:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumalla                          :S:Ade:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumalta                          :S:Abl:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumalle                          :S:All:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumana                           :S:Ess:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumaksi                          :S:Tra:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumatta                          :S:Abe:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumat                            :P:Nom:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumien                           :P:Gen:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumain                           :P:Gen:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumia                            :P:Par:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumissa                          :P:Ine:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumista                          :P:Ela:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumiin                           :P:Ill:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumilla                          :P:Ade:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumilta                          :P:Abl:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumille                          :P:All:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumina                           :P:Ess:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumiksi                          :P:Tra:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumin                            :P:Ins:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumitta                          :P:Abe:                   umpimurtuma
umpimurtumine                           :P:Kom:                   umpimurtuma
umpimähkäinen                           :S:Nom:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisen                           :S:Gen:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäista                           :S:Par:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisessa                         :S:Ine:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisesta                         :S:Ela:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäiseen                          :S:Ill:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisella                         :S:Ade:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäiselta                         :S:Abl:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäiselle                         :S:All:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisena                          :S:Ess:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisetta                         :S:Abe:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäiset                           :P:Nom:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisten                          :P:Gen:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisin                           :P:Gen:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisia                           :P:Par:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisissa                         :P:Ine:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisista                         :P:Ela:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisiin                          :P:Ill:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisilla                         :P:Ade:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisilta                         :P:Abl:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisille                         :P:All:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisina                          :P:Ess:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisin                           :P:Ins:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisitta                         :P:Abe:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisine                          :P:Kom:                   umpimähkäinen
umpimähkäisyys                          :S:Nom:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyden                        :S:Gen:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyytta                        :S:Par:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyydessa                      :S:Ine:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyydesta                      :S:Ela:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyteen                       :S:Ill:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyydella                      :S:Ade:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyydelta                      :S:Abl:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyydelle                      :S:All:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyytena                       :S:Ess:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyydeksi                      :S:Tra:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyytta                        :S:Abe:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyydet                        :P:Nom:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksien                      :P:Gen:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksia                       :P:Par:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksissa                     :P:Ine:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksista                     :P:Ela:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksilla                     :P:Ade:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksilta                     :P:Abl:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksille                     :P:All:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksina                      :P:Ess:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksin                       :P:Ins:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksitta                     :P:Abe:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpimähkäisyyksine                      :P:Kom:                   umpimähkäisyys
umpinainen                              :S:Nom:                   umpinainen
umpinaisen                              :S:Gen:                   umpinainen
umpinaista                              :S:Par:                   umpinainen
umpinaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   umpinainen
umpinaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   umpinainen
umpinaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   umpinainen
umpinaisella                            :S:Ade:                   umpinainen
umpinaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   umpinainen
umpinaiselle                            :S:All:                   umpinainen
umpinaisena                             :S:Ess:                   umpinainen
umpinaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpinainen
umpinaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   umpinainen
umpinaiset                              :P:Nom:                   umpinainen
umpinaisten                             :P:Gen:                   umpinainen
umpinaisin                              :P:Gen:                   umpinainen
umpinaisia                              :P:Par:                   umpinainen
umpinaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpinainen
umpinaisista                            :P:Ela:                   umpinainen
umpinaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   umpinainen
umpinaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpinainen
umpinaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpinainen
umpinaisille                            :P:All:                   umpinainen
umpinaisina                             :P:Ess:                   umpinainen
umpinaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpinainen
umpinaisin                              :P:Ins:                   umpinainen
umpinaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpinainen
umpinaisine                             :P:Kom:                   umpinainen
umpinaisuus                             :S:Nom:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuden                           :S:Gen:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuutta                           :S:Par:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuudella                         :S:Ade:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuudelle                         :S:All:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuutena                          :S:Ess:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuutta                           :S:Abe:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuudet                           :P:Nom:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksia                          :P:Par:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksille                        :P:All:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   umpinaisuus
umpinaisuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   umpinaisuus
umpio                                   :S:Nom:                   umpio
umpion                                  :S:Gen:                   umpio
umpiota                                 :S:Par:                   umpio
umpiossa                                :S:Ine:                   umpio
umpiosta                                :S:Ela:                   umpio
umpioon                                 :S:Ill:                   umpio
umpiolla                                :S:Ade:                   umpio
umpiolta                                :S:Abl:                   umpio
umpiolle                                :S:All:                   umpio
umpiona                                 :S:Ess:                   umpio
umpioksi                                :S:Tra:                   umpio
umpiotta                                :S:Abe:                   umpio
umpiot                                  :P:Nom:                   umpio
umpioiden                               :P:Gen:                   umpio
umpioitten                              :P:Gen:                   umpio
umpioita                                :P:Par:                   umpio
umpioissa                               :P:Ine:                   umpio
umpioista                               :P:Ela:                   umpio
umpioihin                               :P:Ill:                   umpio
umpioilla                               :P:Ade:                   umpio
umpioilta                               :P:Abl:                   umpio
umpioille                               :P:All:                   umpio
umpioina                                :P:Ess:                   umpio
umpioiksi                               :P:Tra:                   umpio
umpioin                                 :P:Ins:                   umpio
umpioitta                               :P:Abe:                   umpio
umpioine                                :P:Kom:                   umpio
umpioin                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpioida
umpioit                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioimme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioitte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioivat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioidaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             umpioida
umpioi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioida                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpioin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          umpioida
umpioit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpioinen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpioida
umpioinet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioinee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioinemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioinette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioinevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             umpioida
umpioine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpioisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpioida
umpioisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             umpioida
umpioisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpioi                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioikoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioikaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioikaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioikoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpioida
umpioi                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpioida
umpioida                                :Inf1:                    umpioida
umpioidakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  umpioida
umpioidessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            umpioida
umpioitaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            umpioida
umpioiden                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            umpioida
umpioimassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            umpioida
umpioimasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            umpioida
umpioimaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            umpioida
umpioimalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            umpioida
umpioimatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            umpioida
umpioiman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            umpioida
umpioitaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            umpioida
umpioiminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                umpioida
umpioimista                             :Inf4:Par:                umpioida
umpioimaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    umpioida
umpioiva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             umpioida
umpioitava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             umpioida
umpioinut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             umpioida
umpioitu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             umpioida
umpioima                                :Cip:Age:                 umpioida
umpioimaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpioinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          umpioida
umpioinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             umpioida
umpioinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpioinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          umpioida
umpioinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          umpioida
umpioinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             umpioida
umpioinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpioinut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          umpioida
umpioineet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          umpioida
umpioitu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             umpioida
umpioinut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioineet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioida
umpioitu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpioida
umpiointi                               :S:Nom:                   umpiointi
umpioinnin                              :S:Gen:                   umpiointi
umpiointia                              :S:Par:                   umpiointi
umpioinnissa                            :S:Ine:                   umpiointi
umpioinnista                            :S:Ela:                   umpiointi
umpiointiin                             :S:Ill:                   umpiointi
umpioinnilla                            :S:Ade:                   umpiointi
umpioinnilta                            :S:Abl:                   umpiointi
umpioinnille                            :S:All:                   umpiointi
umpiointina                             :S:Ess:                   umpiointi
umpioinniksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpiointi
umpioinnitta                            :S:Abe:                   umpiointi
umpioinnit                              :P:Nom:                   umpiointi
umpiointien                             :P:Gen:                   umpiointi
umpiointeja                             :P:Par:                   umpiointi
umpioinneissa                           :P:Ine:                   umpiointi
umpioinneista                           :P:Ela:                   umpiointi
umpiointeihin                           :P:Ill:                   umpiointi
umpioinneilla                           :P:Ade:                   umpiointi
umpioinneilta                           :P:Abl:                   umpiointi
umpioinneille                           :P:All:                   umpiointi
umpiointeina                            :P:Ess:                   umpiointi
umpioinneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   umpiointi
umpioinnein                             :P:Ins:                   umpiointi
umpioinneitta                           :P:Abe:                   umpiointi
umpiointeine                            :P:Kom:                   umpiointi
umpioidun                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpioitua
umpioidut                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioituu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioidumme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioidutte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioituvat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioidutaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioidu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioidu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioidu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioidu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioidu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioidu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpioiduin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          umpioitua
umpioiduit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioitui                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioiduimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioiduitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioituivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpioitunen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpioitua
umpioitunet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioitunee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioitunemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioitunette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioitunevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpioituisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          umpioitua
umpioituisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioituisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioituisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioituisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioituisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioituisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpioidu                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioitukoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioitukaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioitukaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioitukoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioidu                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitua                               :Inf1:                    umpioitua
umpioituakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  umpioitua
umpioituessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            umpioitua
umpioiduttaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            umpioitua
umpioituen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            umpioitua
umpioitumassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            umpioitua
umpioitumasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            umpioitua
umpioitumaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            umpioitua
umpioitumalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            umpioitua
umpioitumatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            umpioitua
umpioituman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            umpioitua
umpioiduttaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            umpioitua
umpioituminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                umpioitua
umpioitumista                           :Inf4:Par:                umpioitua
umpioitumaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    umpioitua
umpioituva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             umpioitua
umpioiduttava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioituma                              :Cip:Age:                 umpioitua
umpioitumaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             umpioitua
umpioitunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioituneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      umpioitua
umpioiduttu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         umpioitua
umpiolasi                               :S:Nom:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasin                              :S:Gen:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasia                              :S:Par:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasissa                            :S:Ine:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasista                            :S:Ela:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasiin                             :S:Ill:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasilla                            :S:Ade:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasilta                            :S:Abl:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasille                            :S:All:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasina                             :S:Ess:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasiksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasitta                            :S:Abe:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasit                              :P:Nom:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasien                             :P:Gen:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseja                             :P:Par:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseissa                           :P:Ine:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseista                           :P:Ela:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseihin                           :P:Ill:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseilla                           :P:Ade:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseilta                           :P:Abl:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseille                           :P:All:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseina                            :P:Ess:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseiksi                           :P:Tra:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasein                             :P:Ins:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseitta                           :P:Abe:                   umpiolasi
umpiolaseine                            :P:Kom:                   umpiolasi
umpiolasi-ikkuna                        :S:Nom:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunan                       :S:Gen:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunaa                       :S:Par:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunassa                     :S:Ine:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunasta                     :S:Ela:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunaan                      :S:Ill:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunalla                     :S:Ade:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunalta                     :S:Abl:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunalle                     :S:All:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunana                      :S:Ess:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunaksi                     :S:Tra:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunatta                     :S:Abe:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunat                       :P:Nom:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoiden                    :P:Gen:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoitten                   :P:Gen:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunain                      :P:Gen:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoita                     :P:Par:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoissa                    :P:Ine:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoista                    :P:Ela:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoihin                    :P:Ill:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoilla                    :P:Ade:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoilta                    :P:Abl:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoille                    :P:All:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoina                     :P:Ess:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoin                      :P:Ins:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoitta                    :P:Abe:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiolasi-ikkunoine                     :P:Kom:                   umpiolasi-ikkuna
umpiotölkki                             :S:Nom:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkin                             :S:Gen:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkkiä                            :S:Par:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkissä                           :S:Ine:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkistä                           :S:Ela:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkkiin                           :S:Ill:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkillä                           :S:Ade:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkiltä                           :S:Abl:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkille                           :S:All:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkkinä                           :S:Ess:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkiksi                           :S:Tra:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkittä                           :S:Abe:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkit                             :P:Nom:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkkien                           :P:Gen:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkkejä                           :P:Par:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkeissä                          :P:Ine:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkeistä                          :P:Ela:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkkeihin                         :P:Ill:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkeillä                          :P:Ade:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkeiltä                          :P:Abl:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkeille                          :P:All:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkkeinä                          :P:Ess:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkein                            :P:Ins:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkeittä                          :P:Abe:                   umpiotölkki
umpiotölkkeine                          :P:Kom:                   umpiotölkki
umpiperä                                :S:Nom:                   umpiperä
umpiperän                               :S:Gen:                   umpiperä
umpiperää                               :S:Par:                   umpiperä
umpiperässä                             :S:Ine:                   umpiperä
umpiperästä                             :S:Ela:                   umpiperä
umpiperään                              :S:Ill:                   umpiperä
umpiperällä                             :S:Ade:                   umpiperä
umpiperältä                             :S:Abl:                   umpiperä
umpiperälle                             :S:All:                   umpiperä
umpiperänä                              :S:Ess:                   umpiperä
umpiperäksi                             :S:Tra:                   umpiperä
umpiperättä                             :S:Abe:                   umpiperä
umpiperät                               :P:Nom:                   umpiperä
umpiperien                              :P:Gen:                   umpiperä
umpiperäin                              :P:Gen:                   umpiperä
umpiperiä                               :P:Par:                   umpiperä
umpiperissä                             :P:Ine:                   umpiperä
umpiperistä                             :P:Ela:                   umpiperä
umpiperiin                              :P:Ill:                   umpiperä
umpiperillä                             :P:Ade:                   umpiperä
umpiperiltä                             :P:Abl:                   umpiperä
umpiperille                             :P:All:                   umpiperä
umpiperinä                              :P:Ess:                   umpiperä
umpiperiksi                             :P:Tra:                   umpiperä
umpiperin                               :P:Ins:                   umpiperä
umpiperittä                             :P:Abe:                   umpiperä
umpiperine                              :P:Kom:                   umpiperä
umpiperäinen                            :S:Nom:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisen                            :S:Gen:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäistä                            :S:Par:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisessä                          :S:Ine:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisestä                          :S:Ela:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäiseen                           :S:Ill:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisellä                          :S:Ade:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäiselle                          :S:All:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisenä                           :S:Ess:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisettä                          :S:Abe:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäiset                            :P:Nom:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisten                           :P:Gen:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisin                            :P:Gen:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisiä                            :P:Par:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisissä                          :P:Ine:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisistä                          :P:Ela:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisiin                           :P:Ill:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisillä                          :P:Ade:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisille                          :P:All:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisinä                           :P:Ess:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisin                            :P:Ins:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisittä                          :P:Abe:                   umpiperäinen
umpiperäisine                           :P:Kom:                   umpiperäinen
umpipuinen                              :S:Nom:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisen                              :S:Gen:                   umpipuinen
umpipuista                              :S:Par:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisessa                            :S:Ine:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisesta                            :S:Ela:                   umpipuinen
umpipuiseen                             :S:Ill:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisella                            :S:Ade:                   umpipuinen
umpipuiselta                            :S:Abl:                   umpipuinen
umpipuiselle                            :S:All:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisena                             :S:Ess:                   umpipuinen
umpipuiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisetta                            :S:Abe:                   umpipuinen
umpipuiset                              :P:Nom:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisten                             :P:Gen:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisin                              :P:Gen:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisia                              :P:Par:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisista                            :P:Ela:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisiin                             :P:Ill:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisille                            :P:All:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisina                             :P:Ess:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisin                              :P:Ins:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpipuinen
umpipuisine                             :P:Kom:                   umpipuinen
umpipussi                               :S:Nom:                   umpipussi
umpipussin                              :S:Gen:                   umpipussi
umpipussia                              :S:Par:                   umpipussi
umpipussissa                            :S:Ine:                   umpipussi
umpipussista                            :S:Ela:                   umpipussi
umpipussiin                             :S:Ill:                   umpipussi
umpipussilla                            :S:Ade:                   umpipussi
umpipussilta                            :S:Abl:                   umpipussi
umpipussille                            :S:All:                   umpipussi
umpipussina                             :S:Ess:                   umpipussi
umpipussiksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpipussi
umpipussitta                            :S:Abe:                   umpipussi
umpipussit                              :P:Nom:                   umpipussi
umpipussien                             :P:Gen:                   umpipussi
umpipusseja                             :P:Par:                   umpipussi
umpipusseissa                           :P:Ine:                   umpipussi
umpipusseista                           :P:Ela:                   umpipussi
umpipusseihin                           :P:Ill:                   umpipussi
umpipusseilla                           :P:Ade:                   umpipussi
umpipusseilta                           :P:Abl:                   umpipussi
umpipusseille                           :P:All:                   umpipussi
umpipusseina                            :P:Ess:                   umpipussi
umpipusseiksi                           :P:Tra:                   umpipussi
umpipussein                             :P:Ins:                   umpipussi
umpipusseitta                           :P:Abe:                   umpipussi
umpipusseine                            :P:Kom:                   umpipussi
umpipua                                 :S:Nom:                   umpipuu
umpipuan                                :S:Gen:                   umpipuu
umpipuata                               :S:Par:                   umpipuu
umpipuassa                              :S:Ine:                   umpipuu
umpipuasta                              :S:Ela:                   umpipuu
umpipuuhun                              :S:Ill:                   umpipuu
umpipualla                              :S:Ade:                   umpipuu
umpipualta                              :S:Abl:                   umpipuu
umpipualle                              :S:All:                   umpipuu
umpipuana                               :S:Ess:                   umpipuu
umpipuaksi                              :S:Tra:                   umpipuu
umpipuatta                              :S:Abe:                   umpipuu
umpipuat                                :P:Nom:                   umpipuu
umpipuiden                              :P:Gen:                   umpipuu
umpipuitten                             :P:Gen:                   umpipuu
umpipuita                               :P:Par:                   umpipuu
umpipuissa                              :P:Ine:                   umpipuu
umpipuista                              :P:Ela:                   umpipuu
umpipuihin                              :P:Ill:                   umpipuu
umpipuilla                              :P:Ade:                   umpipuu
umpipuilta                              :P:Abl:                   umpipuu
umpipuille                              :P:All:                   umpipuu
umpipuina                               :P:Ess:                   umpipuu
umpipuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   umpipuu
umpipuin                                :P:Ins:                   umpipuu
umpipuitta                              :P:Abe:                   umpipuu
umpipuine                               :P:Kom:                   umpipuu
umpirauhanen                            :S:Nom:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasen                            :S:Gen:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasta                            :S:Par:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasessa                          :S:Ine:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasesta                          :S:Ela:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhaseen                           :S:Ill:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasella                          :S:Ade:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhaselta                          :S:Abl:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhaselle                          :S:All:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasena                           :S:Ess:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhaseksi                          :S:Tra:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasetta                          :S:Abe:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhaset                            :P:Nom:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasten                           :P:Gen:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasin                            :P:Gen:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasia                            :P:Par:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasissa                          :P:Ine:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasista                          :P:Ela:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasiin                           :P:Ill:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasilla                          :P:Ade:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasilta                          :P:Abl:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasille                          :P:All:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasina                           :P:Ess:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasiksi                          :P:Tra:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasin                            :P:Ins:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasitta                          :P:Abe:                   umpirauhanen
umpirauhasine                           :P:Kom:                   umpirauhanen
umpisilmäinen                           :S:Nom:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisen                           :S:Gen:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäistä                           :S:Par:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisessä                         :S:Ine:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisestä                         :S:Ela:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäiseen                          :S:Ill:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisellä                         :S:Ade:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäiselle                         :S:All:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisenä                          :S:Ess:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisettä                         :S:Abe:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäiset                           :P:Nom:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisten                          :P:Gen:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisin                           :P:Gen:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisiä                           :P:Par:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisissä                         :P:Ine:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisistä                         :P:Ela:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisiin                          :P:Ill:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisillä                         :P:Ade:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisille                         :P:All:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisinä                          :P:Ess:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisin                           :P:Ins:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisittä                         :P:Abe:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisilmäisine                          :P:Kom:                   umpisilmäinen
umpisokea                               :S:Nom:                   umpisokea
umpisokean                              :S:Gen:                   umpisokea
umpisokeaa                              :S:Par:                   umpisokea
umpisokeassa                            :S:Ine:                   umpisokea
umpisokeasta                            :S:Ela:                   umpisokea
umpisokeaan                             :S:Ill:                   umpisokea
umpisokealla                            :S:Ade:                   umpisokea
umpisokealta                            :S:Abl:                   umpisokea
umpisokealle                            :S:All:                   umpisokea
umpisokeana                             :S:Ess:                   umpisokea
umpisokeaksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpisokea
umpisokeatta                            :S:Abe:                   umpisokea
umpisokeat                              :P:Nom:                   umpisokea
umpisokeiden                            :P:Gen:                   umpisokea
umpisokeitten                           :P:Gen:                   umpisokea
umpisokeain                             :P:Gen:                   umpisokea
umpisokeita                             :P:Par:                   umpisokea
umpisokeissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpisokea
umpisokeista                            :P:Ela:                   umpisokea
umpisokeisiin                           :P:Ill:                   umpisokea
umpisokeihin                            :P:Ill:                   umpisokea
umpisokeilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpisokea
umpisokeilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpisokea
umpisokeille                            :P:All:                   umpisokea
umpisokeina                             :P:Ess:                   umpisokea
umpisokeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpisokea
umpisokein                              :P:Ins:                   umpisokea
umpisokeitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpisokea
umpisokeine                             :P:Kom:                   umpisokea
umpisolmu                               :S:Nom:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmun                              :S:Gen:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmua                              :S:Par:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmussa                            :S:Ine:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmusta                            :S:Ela:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuun                             :S:Ill:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmulla                            :S:Ade:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmulta                            :S:Abl:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmulle                            :S:All:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuna                             :S:Ess:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmutta                            :S:Abe:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmut                              :P:Nom:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmujen                            :P:Gen:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuja                             :P:Par:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuissa                           :P:Ine:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuista                           :P:Ela:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuihin                           :P:Ill:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuilla                           :P:Ade:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuilta                           :P:Abl:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuille                           :P:All:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuina                            :P:Ess:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuin                             :P:Ins:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuitta                           :P:Abe:                   umpisolmu
umpisolmuine                            :P:Kom:                   umpisolmu
umpisuolentulehdus                      :S:Nom:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksen                   :S:Gen:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehdusta                    :S:Par:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksessa                 :S:Ine:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksesta                 :S:Ela:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehdukseen                  :S:Ill:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksella                 :S:Ade:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehdukselta                 :S:Abl:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehdukselle                 :S:All:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksena                  :S:Ess:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehdukseksi                 :S:Tra:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksetta                 :S:Abe:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehdukset                   :P:Nom:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehdusten                   :P:Gen:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksien                  :P:Gen:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksia                   :P:Par:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksissa                 :P:Ine:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksista                 :P:Ela:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksiin                  :P:Ill:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksilla                 :P:Ade:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksilta                 :P:Abl:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksille                 :P:All:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksina                  :P:Ess:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksin                   :P:Ins:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksitta                 :P:Abe:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuolentulehduksine                  :P:Kom:                   umpisuolentulehdus
umpisuoli                               :S:Nom:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolen                              :S:Gen:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolta                              :S:Par:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolessa                            :S:Ine:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolesta                            :S:Ela:                   umpisuoli
umpisuoleen                             :S:Ill:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolella                            :S:Ade:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolelta                            :S:Abl:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolelle                            :S:All:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolena                             :S:Ess:                   umpisuoli
umpisuoleksi                            :S:Tra:                   umpisuoli
umpisuoletta                            :S:Abe:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolet                              :P:Nom:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolten                             :P:Gen:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolien                             :P:Gen:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolia                              :P:Par:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolista                            :P:Ela:                   umpisuoli
umpisuoliin                             :P:Ill:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolille                            :P:All:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolina                             :P:Ess:                   umpisuoli
umpisuoliksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolin                              :P:Ins:                   umpisuoli
umpisuolitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpisuoli
umpisuoline                             :P:Kom:                   umpisuoli
umpisuomalainen                         :S:Nom:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisen                         :S:Gen:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaista                         :S:Par:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisessa                       :S:Ine:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisesta                       :S:Ela:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaiseen                        :S:Ill:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisella                       :S:Ade:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaiselta                       :S:Abl:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaiselle                       :S:All:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisena                        :S:Ess:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisetta                       :S:Abe:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaiset                         :P:Nom:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisten                        :P:Gen:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisin                         :P:Gen:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisia                         :P:Par:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisissa                       :P:Ine:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisista                       :P:Ela:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisilla                       :P:Ade:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisilta                       :P:Abl:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisille                       :P:All:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisina                        :P:Ess:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisin                         :P:Ins:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisitta                       :P:Abe:                   umpisuomalainen
umpisuomalaisine                        :P:Kom:                   umpisuomalainen
umpitavu                                :S:Nom:                   umpitavu
umpitavun                               :S:Gen:                   umpitavu
umpitavua                               :S:Par:                   umpitavu
umpitavussa                             :S:Ine:                   umpitavu
umpitavusta                             :S:Ela:                   umpitavu
umpitavuun                              :S:Ill:                   umpitavu
umpitavulla                             :S:Ade:                   umpitavu
umpitavulta                             :S:Abl:                   umpitavu
umpitavulle                             :S:All:                   umpitavu
umpitavuna                              :S:Ess:                   umpitavu
umpitavuksi                             :S:Tra:                   umpitavu
umpitavutta                             :S:Abe:                   umpitavu
umpitavut                               :P:Nom:                   umpitavu
umpitavujen                             :P:Gen:                   umpitavu
umpitavuja                              :P:Par:                   umpitavu
umpitavuissa                            :P:Ine:                   umpitavu
umpitavuista                            :P:Ela:                   umpitavu
umpitavuihin                            :P:Ill:                   umpitavu
umpitavuilla                            :P:Ade:                   umpitavu
umpitavuilta                            :P:Abl:                   umpitavu
umpitavuille                            :P:All:                   umpitavu
umpitavuina                             :P:Ess:                   umpitavu
umpitavuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   umpitavu
umpitavuin                              :P:Ins:                   umpitavu
umpitavuitta                            :P:Abe:                   umpitavu
umpitavuine                             :P:Kom:                   umpitavu
umpitunneli                             :S:Nom:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelin                            :S:Gen:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelia                            :S:Par:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelissa                          :S:Ine:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelista                          :S:Ela:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneliin                           :S:Ill:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelilla                          :S:Ade:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelilta                          :S:Abl:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelille                          :S:All:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelina                           :S:Ess:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneliksi                          :S:Tra:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelitta                          :S:Abe:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelit                            :P:Nom:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelien                           :P:Gen:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleiden                         :P:Gen:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleitten                        :P:Gen:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleja                           :P:Par:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleita                          :P:Par:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleissa                         :P:Ine:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleista                         :P:Ela:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleihin                         :P:Ill:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleilla                         :P:Ade:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleilta                         :P:Abl:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleille                         :P:All:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleina                          :P:Ess:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleiksi                         :P:Tra:                   umpitunneli
umpitunnelein                           :P:Ins:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleitta                         :P:Abe:                   umpitunneli
umpitunneleine                          :P:Kom:                   umpitunneli
umpu                                    :S:Nom:                   umpu
ummun                                   :S:Gen:                   umpu
umpua                                   :S:Par:                   umpu
ummussa                                 :S:Ine:                   umpu
ummusta                                 :S:Ela:                   umpu
umpuun                                  :S:Ill:                   umpu
ummulla                                 :S:Ade:                   umpu
ummulta                                 :S:Abl:                   umpu
ummulle                                 :S:All:                   umpu
umpuna                                  :S:Ess:                   umpu
ummuksi                                 :S:Tra:                   umpu
ummutta                                 :S:Abe:                   umpu
ummut                                   :P:Nom:                   umpu
umpujen                                 :P:Gen:                   umpu
umpuja                                  :P:Par:                   umpu
ummuissa                                :P:Ine:                   umpu
ummuista                                :P:Ela:                   umpu
umpuihin                                :P:Ill:                   umpu
ummuilla                                :P:Ade:                   umpu
ummuilta                                :P:Abl:                   umpu
ummuille                                :P:All:                   umpu
umpuina                                 :P:Ess:                   umpu
ummuiksi                                :P:Tra:                   umpu
ummuin                                  :P:Ins:                   umpu
ummuitta                                :P:Abe:                   umpu
umpuine                                 :P:Kom:                   umpu
undergrouni                             :S:Nom:                   underground
undergrounin                            :S:Gen:                   underground
undergrounia                            :S:Par:                   underground
undergrounissa                          :S:Ine:                   underground
undergrounista                          :S:Ela:                   underground
undergrouniin                           :S:Ill:                   underground
undergrounilla                          :S:Ade:                   underground
undergrounilta                          :S:Abl:                   underground
undergrounille                          :S:All:                   underground
undergrounina                           :S:Ess:                   underground
undergrouniksi                          :S:Tra:                   underground
undergrounitta                          :S:Abe:                   underground
undergrounit                            :P:Nom:                   underground
undergrounien                           :P:Gen:                   underground
undergrouneja                           :P:Par:                   underground
undergrouneissa                         :P:Ine:                   underground
undergrouneista                         :P:Ela:                   underground
undergrouneihin                         :P:Ill:                   underground
undergrouneilla                         :P:Ade:                   underground
undergrouneilta                         :P:Abl:                   underground
undergrouneille                         :P:All:                   underground
undergrouneina                          :P:Ess:                   underground
undergrouneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   underground
undergrounein                           :P:Ins:                   underground
undergrouneitta                         :P:Abe:                   underground
undergrouneine                          :P:Kom:                   underground
undergroundelokuva                      :S:Nom:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvan                     :S:Gen:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvaa                     :S:Par:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvassa                   :S:Ine:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvasta                   :S:Ela:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvaan                    :S:Ill:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvalla                   :S:Ade:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvalta                   :S:Abl:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvalle                   :S:All:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvana                    :S:Ess:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvaksi                   :S:Tra:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvatta                   :S:Abe:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvat                     :P:Nom:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvien                    :P:Gen:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvain                    :P:Gen:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvia                     :P:Par:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvissa                   :P:Ine:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvista                   :P:Ela:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuviin                    :P:Ill:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvilla                   :P:Ade:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvilta                   :P:Abl:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuville                   :P:All:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvina                    :P:Ess:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuviksi                   :P:Tra:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvin                     :P:Ins:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvitta                   :P:Abe:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundelokuvine                    :P:Kom:                   undergroundelokuva
undergroundkirjallisuus                 :S:Nom:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuden               :S:Gen:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuutta               :S:Par:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuudessa             :S:Ine:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuudesta             :S:Ela:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuteen              :S:Ill:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuudella             :S:Ade:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuudelta             :S:Abl:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuudelle             :S:All:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuutena              :S:Ess:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuudeksi             :S:Tra:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuutta               :S:Abe:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuudet               :P:Nom:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksien             :P:Gen:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksia              :P:Par:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksissa            :P:Ine:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksista            :P:Ela:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksiin             :P:Ill:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksilla            :P:Ade:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksilta            :P:Abl:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksille            :P:All:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksina             :P:Ess:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksiksi            :P:Tra:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksin              :P:Ins:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksitta            :P:Abe:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkirjallisuuksine             :P:Kom:                   undergroundkirjallisuus
undergroundkulttuuri                    :S:Nom:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurin                   :S:Gen:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuuria                   :S:Par:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurissa                 :S:Ine:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurista                 :S:Ela:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuuriin                  :S:Ill:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurilla                 :S:Ade:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurilta                 :S:Abl:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurille                 :S:All:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurina                  :S:Ess:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuuriksi                 :S:Tra:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuuritta                 :S:Abe:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurit                   :P:Nom:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurien                  :P:Gen:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureiden                :P:Gen:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureitten               :P:Gen:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureja                  :P:Par:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureita                 :P:Par:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureissa                :P:Ine:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureista                :P:Ela:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureihin                :P:Ill:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureilla                :P:Ade:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureilta                :P:Abl:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureille                :P:All:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureina                 :P:Ess:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureiksi                :P:Tra:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuurein                  :P:Ins:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureitta                :P:Abe:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundkulttuureine                 :P:Kom:                   undergroundkulttuuri
undergroundsarjakuva                    :S:Nom:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvan                   :S:Gen:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvaa                   :S:Par:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvassa                 :S:Ine:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvasta                 :S:Ela:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvaan                  :S:Ill:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvalla                 :S:Ade:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvalta                 :S:Abl:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvalle                 :S:All:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvana                  :S:Ess:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvaksi                 :S:Tra:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvatta                 :S:Abe:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvat                   :P:Nom:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvien                  :P:Gen:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvain                  :P:Gen:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvia                   :P:Par:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvissa                 :P:Ine:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvista                 :P:Ela:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuviin                  :P:Ill:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvilla                 :P:Ade:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvilta                 :P:Abl:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuville                 :P:All:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvina                  :P:Ess:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuviksi                 :P:Tra:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvin                   :P:Ins:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvitta                 :P:Abe:                   undergroundsarjakuva
undergroundsarjakuvine                  :P:Kom:                   undergroundsarjakuva
understatemeni                          :S:Nom:                   understatement
understatemenin                         :S:Gen:                   understatement
understatemenia                         :S:Par:                   understatement
understatemenissa                       :S:Ine:                   understatement
understatemenista                       :S:Ela:                   understatement
understatemeniin                        :S:Ill:                   understatement
understatemenilla                       :S:Ade:                   understatement
understatemenilta                       :S:Abl:                   understatement
understatemenille                       :S:All:                   understatement
understatemenina                        :S:Ess:                   understatement
understatemeniksi                       :S:Tra:                   understatement
understatemenitta                       :S:Abe:                   understatement
understatemenit                         :P:Nom:                   understatement
understatemenien                        :P:Gen:                   understatement
understatemeneja                        :P:Par:                   understatement
understatemeneissa                      :P:Ine:                   understatement
understatemeneista                      :P:Ela:                   understatement
understatemeneihin                      :P:Ill:                   understatement
understatemeneilla                      :P:Ade:                   understatement
understatemeneilta                      :P:Abl:                   understatement
understatemeneille                      :P:All:                   understatement
understatemeneina                       :P:Ess:                   understatement
understatemeneiksi                      :P:Tra:                   understatement
understatemenein                        :P:Ins:                   understatement
understatemeneitta                      :P:Abe:                   understatement
understatemeneine                       :P:Kom:                   understatement
undulaatti                              :S:Nom:                   undulaatti
undulaatin                              :S:Gen:                   undulaatti
undulaattia                             :S:Par:                   undulaatti
undulaatissa                            :S:Ine:                   undulaatti
undulaatista                            :S:Ela:                   undulaatti
undulaattiin                            :S:Ill:                   undulaatti
undulaatilla                            :S:Ade:                   undulaatti
undulaatilta                            :S:Abl:                   undulaatti
undulaatille                            :S:All:                   undulaatti
undulaattina                            :S:Ess:                   undulaatti
undulaatiksi                            :S:Tra:                   undulaatti
undulaatitta                            :S:Abe:                   undulaatti
undulaatit                              :P:Nom:                   undulaatti
undulaattien                            :P:Gen:                   undulaatti
undulaatteja                            :P:Par:                   undulaatti
undulaateissa                           :P:Ine:                   undulaatti
undulaateista                           :P:Ela:                   undulaatti
undulaatteihin                          :P:Ill:                   undulaatti
undulaateilla                           :P:Ade:                   undulaatti
undulaateilta                           :P:Abl:                   undulaatti
undulaateille                           :P:All:                   undulaatti
undulaatteina                           :P:Ess:                   undulaatti
undulaateiksi                           :P:Tra:                   undulaatti
undulaatein                             :P:Ins:                   undulaatti
undulaateitta                           :P:Abe:                   undulaatti
undulaatteine                           :P:Kom:                   undulaatti
uneksin                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uneksia
uneksit                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksii                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksimme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksitte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksivat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksitaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uneksia
uneksi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksita                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uneksia
uneksit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksinen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uneksia
uneksinet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksinee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksinemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksinette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksinevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uneksia
uneksine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uneksia
uneksisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             uneksia
uneksisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksi                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksikoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksikaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksikaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksikoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uneksia
uneksi                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uneksia
uneksia                                 :Inf1:                    uneksia
uneksiakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  uneksia
uneksiesssa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uneksia
uneksittaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uneksia
uneksien                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uneksia
uneksimassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uneksia
uneksimasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uneksia
uneksimaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uneksia
uneksimalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uneksia
uneksimatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uneksia
uneksiman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uneksia
uneksittaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uneksia
uneksiminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                uneksia
uneksimista                             :Inf4:Par:                uneksia
uneksimaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    uneksia
uneksiva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uneksia
uneksittava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uneksia
uneksinut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             uneksia
uneksittu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             uneksia
uneksima                                :Cip:Age:                 uneksia
uneksimaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uneksia
uneksinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             uneksia
uneksinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uneksia
uneksinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uneksia
uneksinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             uneksia
uneksinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksinut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uneksia
uneksineet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uneksia
uneksittu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             uneksia
uneksinut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksineet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uneksia
uneksittu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uneksia
uneksija                                :S:Nom:                   uneksija
uneksijan                               :S:Gen:                   uneksija
uneksijaa                               :S:Par:                   uneksija
uneksijassa                             :S:Ine:                   uneksija
uneksijasta                             :S:Ela:                   uneksija
uneksijaan                              :S:Ill:                   uneksija
uneksijalla                             :S:Ade:                   uneksija
uneksijalta                             :S:Abl:                   uneksija
uneksijalle                             :S:All:                   uneksija
uneksijana                              :S:Ess:                   uneksija
uneksijaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uneksija
uneksijatta                             :S:Abe:                   uneksija
uneksijat                               :P:Nom:                   uneksija
uneksijoiden                            :P:Gen:                   uneksija
uneksijoitten                           :P:Gen:                   uneksija
uneksijain                              :P:Gen:                   uneksija
uneksijoita                             :P:Par:                   uneksija
uneksijoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uneksija
uneksijoista                            :P:Ela:                   uneksija
uneksijoihin                            :P:Ill:                   uneksija
uneksijoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uneksija
uneksijoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uneksija
uneksijoille                            :P:All:                   uneksija
uneksijoina                             :P:Ess:                   uneksija
uneksijoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uneksija
uneksijoin                              :P:Ins:                   uneksija
uneksijoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uneksija
uneksijoine                             :P:Kom:                   uneksija
uneksinta                               :S:Nom:                   uneksinta
uneksinnan                              :S:Gen:                   uneksinta
uneksintaa                              :S:Par:                   uneksinta
uneksinnassa                            :S:Ine:                   uneksinta
uneksinnasta                            :S:Ela:                   uneksinta
uneksintaan                             :S:Ill:                   uneksinta
uneksinnalla                            :S:Ade:                   uneksinta
uneksinnalta                            :S:Abl:                   uneksinta
uneksinnalle                            :S:All:                   uneksinta
uneksintana                             :S:Ess:                   uneksinta
uneksinnaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uneksinta
uneksinnatta                            :S:Abe:                   uneksinta
uneksinnat                              :P:Nom:                   uneksinta
uneksintojen                            :P:Gen:                   uneksinta
uneksintain                             :P:Gen:                   uneksinta
uneksintoja                             :P:Par:                   uneksinta
uneksinnoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uneksinta
uneksinnoista                           :P:Ela:                   uneksinta
uneksintoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uneksinta
uneksinnoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uneksinta
uneksinnoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uneksinta
uneksinnoille                           :P:All:                   uneksinta
uneksintoina                            :P:Ess:                   uneksinta
uneksinnoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uneksinta
uneksinnoin                             :P:Ins:                   uneksinta
uneksinnoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uneksinta
uneksintoine                            :P:Kom:                   uneksinta
uneliaisuus                             :S:Nom:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuden                           :S:Gen:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuutta                           :S:Par:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuudella                         :S:Ade:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuudelle                         :S:All:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuutena                          :S:Ess:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuutta                           :S:Abe:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuudet                           :P:Nom:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksia                          :P:Par:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksille                        :P:All:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uneliaisuus
uneliaisuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uneliaisuus
unelias                                 :S:Nom:                   unelias
uneliaan                                :S:Gen:                   unelias
uneliasta                               :S:Par:                   unelias
uneliaassa                              :S:Ine:                   unelias
uneliaasta                              :S:Ela:                   unelias
uneliaaseen                             :S:Ill:                   unelias
uneliaalla                              :S:Ade:                   unelias
uneliaalta                              :S:Abl:                   unelias
uneliaalle                              :S:All:                   unelias
uneliaana                               :S:Ess:                   unelias
uneliaaksi                              :S:Tra:                   unelias
uneliaatta                              :S:Abe:                   unelias
uneliaat                                :P:Nom:                   unelias
uneliaiden                              :P:Gen:                   unelias
uneliaitten                             :P:Gen:                   unelias
uneliaita                               :P:Par:                   unelias
uneliaissa                              :P:Ine:                   unelias
uneliaista                              :P:Ela:                   unelias
uneliaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   unelias
uneliailla                              :P:Ade:                   unelias
uneliailta                              :P:Abl:                   unelias
uneliaille                              :P:All:                   unelias
uneliaina                               :P:Ess:                   unelias
uneliaiksi                              :P:Tra:                   unelias
uneliain                                :P:Ins:                   unelias
uneliaitta                              :P:Abe:                   unelias
uneliaine                               :P:Kom:                   unelias
unelma                                  :S:Nom:                   unelma
unelman                                 :S:Gen:                   unelma
unelmaa                                 :S:Par:                   unelma
unelmassa                               :S:Ine:                   unelma
unelmasta                               :S:Ela:                   unelma
unelmaan                                :S:Ill:                   unelma
unelmalla                               :S:Ade:                   unelma
unelmalta                               :S:Abl:                   unelma
unelmalle                               :S:All:                   unelma
unelmana                                :S:Ess:                   unelma
unelmaksi                               :S:Tra:                   unelma
unelmatta                               :S:Abe:                   unelma
unelmat                                 :P:Nom:                   unelma
unelmien                                :P:Gen:                   unelma
unelmain                                :P:Gen:                   unelma
unelmia                                 :P:Par:                   unelma
unelmissa                               :P:Ine:                   unelma
unelmista                               :P:Ela:                   unelma
unelmiin                                :P:Ill:                   unelma
unelmilla                               :P:Ade:                   unelma
unelmilta                               :P:Abl:                   unelma
unelmille                               :P:All:                   unelma
unelmina                                :P:Ess:                   unelma
unelmiksi                               :P:Tra:                   unelma
unelmin                                 :P:Ins:                   unelma
unelmitta                               :P:Abe:                   unelma
unelmine                                :P:Kom:                   unelma
unelma-ammatti                          :S:Nom:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatin                          :S:Gen:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammattia                         :S:Par:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatissa                        :S:Ine:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatista                        :S:Ela:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammattiin                        :S:Ill:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatilla                        :S:Ade:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatilta                        :S:Abl:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatille                        :S:All:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammattina                        :S:Ess:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatiksi                        :S:Tra:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatitta                        :S:Abe:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatit                          :P:Nom:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammattien                        :P:Gen:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatteja                        :P:Par:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammateissa                       :P:Ine:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammateista                       :P:Ela:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatteihin                      :P:Ill:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammateilla                       :P:Ade:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammateilta                       :P:Abl:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammateille                       :P:All:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatteina                       :P:Ess:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammateiksi                       :P:Tra:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatein                         :P:Ins:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammateitta                       :P:Abe:                   unelma-ammatti
unelma-ammatteine                       :P:Kom:                   unelma-ammatti
unelmaloma                              :S:Nom:                   unelmaloma
unelmaloman                             :S:Gen:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomaa                             :S:Par:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomassa                           :S:Ine:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomasta                           :S:Ela:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomaan                            :S:Ill:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomalla                           :S:Ade:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomalta                           :S:Abl:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomalle                           :S:All:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomana                            :S:Ess:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomaksi                           :S:Tra:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomatta                           :S:Abe:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomat                             :P:Nom:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomien                            :P:Gen:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomain                            :P:Gen:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomia                             :P:Par:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomissa                           :P:Ine:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomista                           :P:Ela:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomiin                            :P:Ill:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomilla                           :P:Ade:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomilta                           :P:Abl:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomille                           :P:All:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomina                            :P:Ess:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomiksi                           :P:Tra:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomin                             :P:Ins:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomitta                           :P:Abe:                   unelmaloma
unelmalomine                            :P:Kom:                   unelmaloma
unelmamaailma                           :S:Nom:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailman                          :S:Gen:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmaa                          :S:Par:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmassa                        :S:Ine:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmasta                        :S:Ela:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmaan                         :S:Ill:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmalla                        :S:Ade:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmalta                        :S:Abl:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmalle                        :S:All:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmana                         :S:Ess:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmaksi                        :S:Tra:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmatta                        :S:Abe:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmat                          :P:Nom:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoiden                       :P:Gen:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoitten                      :P:Gen:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmojen                        :P:Gen:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmain                         :P:Gen:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoita                        :P:Par:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoja                         :P:Par:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoissa                       :P:Ine:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoista                       :P:Ela:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoihin                       :P:Ill:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoilla                       :P:Ade:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoilta                       :P:Abl:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoille                       :P:All:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoina                        :P:Ess:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoin                         :P:Ins:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoitta                       :P:Abe:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaailmoine                        :P:Kom:                   unelmamaailma
unelmamaali                             :S:Nom:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalin                            :S:Gen:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalia                            :S:Par:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalissa                          :S:Ine:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalista                          :S:Ela:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaliin                           :S:Ill:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalilla                          :S:Ade:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalilta                          :S:Abl:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalille                          :S:All:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalina                           :S:Ess:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaliksi                          :S:Tra:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalitta                          :S:Abe:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalit                            :P:Nom:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalien                           :P:Gen:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleja                           :P:Par:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleissa                         :P:Ine:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleista                         :P:Ela:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleihin                         :P:Ill:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleilla                         :P:Ade:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleilta                         :P:Abl:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleille                         :P:All:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleina                          :P:Ess:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleiksi                         :P:Tra:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaalein                           :P:Ins:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleitta                         :P:Abe:                   unelmamaali
unelmamaaleine                          :P:Kom:                   unelmamaali
unelmoin                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unelmoida
unelmoit                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoimme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoitte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoivat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoidaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoida                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmoin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unelmoida
unelmoit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmoinen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unelmoida
unelmoinet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoinee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoinemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoinette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoinevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmoisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unelmoida
unelmoisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoikoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoikaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoikaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoikoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoida                               :Inf1:                    unelmoida
unelmoidakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  unelmoida
unelmoidessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unelmoida
unelmoitaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unelmoida
unelmoiden                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unelmoida
unelmoimassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unelmoida
unelmoimasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unelmoida
unelmoimaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unelmoida
unelmoimalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unelmoida
unelmoimatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unelmoida
unelmoiman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unelmoida
unelmoitaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unelmoida
unelmoiminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                unelmoida
unelmoimista                            :Inf4:Par:                unelmoida
unelmoimaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    unelmoida
unelmoiva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unelmoida
unelmoitava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoima                               :Cip:Age:                 unelmoida
unelmoimaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             unelmoida
unelmoinut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unelmoida
unelmoitu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unelmoida
unelmointi                              :S:Nom:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnin                             :S:Gen:                   unelmointi
unelmointia                             :S:Par:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnissa                           :S:Ine:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnista                           :S:Ela:                   unelmointi
unelmointiin                            :S:Ill:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnilla                           :S:Ade:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnilta                           :S:Abl:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnille                           :S:All:                   unelmointi
unelmointina                            :S:Ess:                   unelmointi
unelmoinniksi                           :S:Tra:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnitta                           :S:Abe:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnit                             :P:Nom:                   unelmointi
unelmointien                            :P:Gen:                   unelmointi
unelmointeja                            :P:Par:                   unelmointi
unelmoinneissa                          :P:Ine:                   unelmointi
unelmoinneista                          :P:Ela:                   unelmointi
unelmointeihin                          :P:Ill:                   unelmointi
unelmoinneilla                          :P:Ade:                   unelmointi
unelmoinneilta                          :P:Abl:                   unelmointi
unelmoinneille                          :P:All:                   unelmointi
unelmointeina                           :P:Ess:                   unelmointi
unelmoinneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   unelmointi
unelmoinnein                            :P:Ins:                   unelmointi
unelmoinneitta                          :P:Abe:                   unelmointi
unelmointeine                           :P:Kom:                   unelmointi
unenhorre                               :S:Nom:                   unenhorre
unenhorteen                             :S:Gen:                   unenhorre
unenhorretta                            :S:Par:                   unenhorre
unenhorteessa                           :S:Ine:                   unenhorre
unenhorteesta                           :S:Ela:                   unenhorre
unenhorteeseen                          :S:Ill:                   unenhorre
unenhorteella                           :S:Ade:                   unenhorre
unenhorteelta                           :S:Abl:                   unenhorre
unenhorteelle                           :S:All:                   unenhorre
unenhorteena                            :S:Ess:                   unenhorre
unenhorteeksi                           :S:Tra:                   unenhorre
unenhorteetta                           :S:Abe:                   unenhorre
unenhorteet                             :P:Nom:                   unenhorre
unenhorteiden                           :P:Gen:                   unenhorre
unenhorreitten                          :P:Gen:                   unenhorre
unenhorteita                            :P:Par:                   unenhorre
unenhorteissa                           :P:Ine:                   unenhorre
unenhorteista                           :P:Ela:                   unenhorre
unenhorteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   unenhorre
unenhorteihin                           :P:Ill:                   unenhorre
unenhorteilla                           :P:Ade:                   unenhorre
unenhorteilta                           :P:Abl:                   unenhorre
unenhorteille                           :P:All:                   unenhorre
unenhorteina                            :P:Ess:                   unenhorre
unenhorteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   unenhorre
unenhortein                             :P:Ins:                   unenhorre
unenhorteitta                           :P:Abe:                   unenhorre
unenhorteine                            :P:Kom:                   unenhorre
unenhorros                              :S:Nom:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksen                           :S:Gen:                   unenhorros
unenhorrosta                            :S:Par:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksessa                         :S:Ine:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksesta                         :S:Ela:                   unenhorros
unenhorrokseen                          :S:Ill:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksella                         :S:Ade:                   unenhorros
unenhorrokselta                         :S:Abl:                   unenhorros
unenhorrokselle                         :S:All:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksena                          :S:Ess:                   unenhorros
unenhorrokseksi                         :S:Tra:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksetta                         :S:Abe:                   unenhorros
unenhorrokset                           :P:Nom:                   unenhorros
unenhorrosten                           :P:Gen:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksien                          :P:Gen:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksia                           :P:Par:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksissa                         :P:Ine:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksista                         :P:Ela:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksiin                          :P:Ill:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksilla                         :P:Ade:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksilta                         :P:Abl:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksille                         :P:All:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksina                          :P:Ess:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksin                           :P:Ins:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksitta                         :P:Abe:                   unenhorros
unenhorroksine                          :P:Kom:                   unenhorros
unenhorteinen                           :S:Nom:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisen                           :S:Gen:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteista                           :S:Par:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisessa                         :S:Ine:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisesta                         :S:Ela:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteiseen                          :S:Ill:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisella                         :S:Ade:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteiselta                         :S:Abl:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteiselle                         :S:All:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisena                          :S:Ess:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisetta                         :S:Abe:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteiset                           :P:Nom:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisten                          :P:Gen:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisin                           :P:Gen:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisia                           :P:Par:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisissa                         :P:Ine:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisista                         :P:Ela:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisilla                         :P:Ade:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisilta                         :P:Abl:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisille                         :P:All:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisina                          :P:Ess:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisin                           :P:Ins:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisitta                         :P:Abe:                   unenhorteinen
unenhorteisine                          :P:Kom:                   unenhorteinen
unenlahja                               :S:Nom:                   unenlahja
unenlahjan                              :S:Gen:                   unenlahja
unenlahjaa                              :S:Par:                   unenlahja
unenlahjassa                            :S:Ine:                   unenlahja
unenlahjasta                            :S:Ela:                   unenlahja
unenlahjaan                             :S:Ill:                   unenlahja
unenlahjalla                            :S:Ade:                   unenlahja
unenlahjalta                            :S:Abl:                   unenlahja
unenlahjalle                            :S:All:                   unenlahja
unenlahjana                             :S:Ess:                   unenlahja
unenlahjaksi                            :S:Tra:                   unenlahja
unenlahjatta                            :S:Abe:                   unenlahja
unenlahjat                              :P:Nom:                   unenlahja
unenlahjojen                            :P:Gen:                   unenlahja
unenlahjain                             :P:Gen:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoja                             :P:Par:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoissa                           :P:Ine:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoista                           :P:Ela:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoihin                           :P:Ill:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoilla                           :P:Ade:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoilta                           :P:Abl:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoille                           :P:All:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoina                            :P:Ess:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoin                             :P:Ins:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoitta                           :P:Abe:                   unenlahja
unenlahjoine                            :P:Kom:                   unenlahja
unennäkö                                :S:Nom:                   unennäkö
unennäön                                :S:Gen:                   unennäkö
unennäköä                               :S:Par:                   unennäkö
unennäössä                              :S:Ine:                   unennäkö
unennäöstä                              :S:Ela:                   unennäkö
unennäköön                              :S:Ill:                   unennäkö
unennäöllä                              :S:Ade:                   unennäkö
unennäöltä                              :S:Abl:                   unennäkö
unennäölle                              :S:All:                   unennäkö
unennäkönä                              :S:Ess:                   unennäkö
unennäöksi                              :S:Tra:                   unennäkö
unennäöttä                              :S:Abe:                   unennäkö
unennäöt                                :P:Nom:                   unennäkö
unennäköjen                             :P:Gen:                   unennäkö
unennäköjä                              :P:Par:                   unennäkö
unennäöissä                             :P:Ine:                   unennäkö
unennäöistä                             :P:Ela:                   unennäkö
unennäköihin                            :P:Ill:                   unennäkö
unennäöillä                             :P:Ade:                   unennäkö
unennäöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   unennäkö
unennäöille                             :P:All:                   unennäkö
unennäköinä                             :P:Ess:                   unennäkö
unennäöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   unennäkö
unennäöin                               :P:Ins:                   unennäkö
unennäöittä                             :P:Abe:                   unennäkö
unennäköine                             :P:Kom:                   unennäkö
unenomainen                             :S:Nom:                   unenomainen
unenomaisen                             :S:Gen:                   unenomainen
unenomaista                             :S:Par:                   unenomainen
unenomaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   unenomainen
unenomaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   unenomainen
unenomaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   unenomainen
unenomaisella                           :S:Ade:                   unenomainen
unenomaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   unenomainen
unenomaiselle                           :S:All:                   unenomainen
unenomaisena                            :S:Ess:                   unenomainen
unenomaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   unenomainen
unenomaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   unenomainen
unenomaiset                             :P:Nom:                   unenomainen
unenomaisten                            :P:Gen:                   unenomainen
unenomaisin                             :P:Gen:                   unenomainen
unenomaisia                             :P:Par:                   unenomainen
unenomaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   unenomainen
unenomaisista                           :P:Ela:                   unenomainen
unenomaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   unenomainen
unenomaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   unenomainen
unenomaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   unenomainen
unenomaisille                           :P:All:                   unenomainen
unenomaisina                            :P:Ess:                   unenomainen
unenomaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   unenomainen
unenomaisin                             :P:Ins:                   unenomainen
unenomaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   unenomainen
unenomaisine                            :P:Kom:                   unenomainen
unenpuute                               :S:Nom:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteen                            :S:Gen:                   unenpuute
unenpuutetta                            :S:Par:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteessa                          :S:Ine:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteesta                          :S:Ela:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteella                          :S:Ade:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteelta                          :S:Abl:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteelle                          :S:All:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteena                           :S:Ess:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteetta                          :S:Abe:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteet                            :P:Nom:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteiden                          :P:Gen:                   unenpuute
unenpuuteitten                          :P:Gen:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteita                           :P:Par:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteissa                          :P:Ine:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteista                          :P:Ela:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteihin                          :P:Ill:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteilla                          :P:Ade:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteilta                          :P:Abl:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteille                          :P:All:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteina                           :P:Ess:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   unenpuute
unenpuuttein                            :P:Ins:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteitta                          :P:Abe:                   unenpuute
unenpuutteine                           :P:Kom:                   unenpuute
unenpöpperöinen                         :S:Nom:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisen                         :S:Gen:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöistä                         :S:Par:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisessä                       :S:Ine:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisestä                       :S:Ela:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöiseen                        :S:Ill:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisellä                       :S:Ade:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöiselle                       :S:All:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisenä                        :S:Ess:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisettä                       :S:Abe:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöiset                         :P:Nom:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisten                        :P:Gen:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisin                         :P:Gen:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisiä                         :P:Par:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisissä                       :P:Ine:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisistä                       :P:Ela:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisiin                        :P:Ill:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisillä                       :P:Ade:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisille                       :P:All:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisinä                        :P:Ess:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisin                         :P:Ins:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisittä                       :P:Abe:                   unenpöpperöinen
unenpöpperöisine                        :P:Kom:                   unenpöpperöinen
unensaanti                              :S:Nom:                   unensaanti
unensaannin                             :S:Gen:                   unensaanti
unensaantia                             :S:Par:                   unensaanti
unensaannissa                           :S:Ine:                   unensaanti
unensaannista                           :S:Ela:                   unensaanti
unensaantiin                            :S:Ill:                   unensaanti
unensaannilla                           :S:Ade:                   unensaanti
unensaannilta                           :S:Abl:                   unensaanti
unensaannille                           :S:All:                   unensaanti
unensaantina                            :S:Ess:                   unensaanti
unensaanniksi                           :S:Tra:                   unensaanti
unensaannitta                           :S:Abe:                   unensaanti
unensaannit                             :P:Nom:                   unensaanti
unensaantien                            :P:Gen:                   unensaanti
unensaanteja                            :P:Par:                   unensaanti
unensaanneissa                          :P:Ine:                   unensaanti
unensaanneista                          :P:Ela:                   unensaanti
unensaanteihin                          :P:Ill:                   unensaanti
unensaanneilla                          :P:Ade:                   unensaanti
unensaanneilta                          :P:Abl:                   unensaanti
unensaanneille                          :P:All:                   unensaanti
unensaanteina                           :P:Ess:                   unensaanti
unensaanneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   unensaanti
unensaannein                            :P:Ins:                   unensaanti
unensaanneitta                          :P:Abe:                   unensaanti
unensaanteine                           :P:Kom:                   unensaanti
unentarve                               :S:Nom:                   unentarve
unentarpeen                             :S:Gen:                   unentarve
unentarvetta                            :S:Par:                   unentarve
unentarpeessa                           :S:Ine:                   unentarve
unentarpeesta                           :S:Ela:                   unentarve
unentarpeeseen                          :S:Ill:                   unentarve
unentarpeella                           :S:Ade:                   unentarve
unentarpeelta                           :S:Abl:                   unentarve
unentarpeelle                           :S:All:                   unentarve
unentarpeena                            :S:Ess:                   unentarve
unentarpeeksi                           :S:Tra:                   unentarve
unentarpeetta                           :S:Abe:                   unentarve
unentarpeet                             :P:Nom:                   unentarve
unentarpeiden                           :P:Gen:                   unentarve
unentarveitten                          :P:Gen:                   unentarve
unentarpeita                            :P:Par:                   unentarve
unentarpeissa                           :P:Ine:                   unentarve
unentarpeista                           :P:Ela:                   unentarve
unentarpeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   unentarve
unentarpeihin                           :P:Ill:                   unentarve
unentarpeilla                           :P:Ade:                   unentarve
unentarpeilta                           :P:Abl:                   unentarve
unentarpeille                           :P:All:                   unentarve
unentarpeina                            :P:Ess:                   unentarve
unentarpeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   unentarve
unentarpein                             :P:Ins:                   unentarve
unentarpeitta                           :P:Abe:                   unentarve
unentarpeine                            :P:Kom:                   unentarve
unentulo                                :S:Nom:                   unentulo
unentulon                               :S:Gen:                   unentulo
unentuloa                               :S:Par:                   unentulo
unentulossa                             :S:Ine:                   unentulo
unentulosta                             :S:Ela:                   unentulo
unentuloon                              :S:Ill:                   unentulo
unentulolla                             :S:Ade:                   unentulo
unentulolta                             :S:Abl:                   unentulo
unentulolle                             :S:All:                   unentulo
unentulona                              :S:Ess:                   unentulo
unentuloksi                             :S:Tra:                   unentulo
unentulotta                             :S:Abe:                   unentulo
unentulot                               :P:Nom:                   unentulo
unentulojen                             :P:Gen:                   unentulo
unentuloja                              :P:Par:                   unentulo
unentuloissa                            :P:Ine:                   unentulo
unentuloista                            :P:Ela:                   unentulo
unentuloihin                            :P:Ill:                   unentulo
unentuloilla                            :P:Ade:                   unentulo
unentuloilta                            :P:Abl:                   unentulo
unentuloille                            :P:All:                   unentulo
unentuloina                             :P:Ess:                   unentulo
unentuloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   unentulo
unentuloin                              :P:Ins:                   unentulo
unentuloitta                            :P:Abe:                   unentulo
unentuloine                             :P:Kom:                   unentulo
uneton                                  :S:Nom:                   uneton
unettoman                               :S:Gen:                   uneton
unetonta                                :S:Par:                   uneton
unettomassa                             :S:Ine:                   uneton
unettomasta                             :S:Ela:                   uneton
unettomaan                              :S:Ill:                   uneton
unettomalla                             :S:Ade:                   uneton
unettomalta                             :S:Abl:                   uneton
unettomalle                             :S:All:                   uneton
unettomana                              :S:Ess:                   uneton
unettomaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uneton
unettomatta                             :S:Abe:                   uneton
unettomat                               :P:Nom:                   uneton
unettomien                              :P:Gen:                   uneton
unetonten                               :P:Gen:                   uneton
unettomia                               :P:Par:                   uneton
unettomissa                             :P:Ine:                   uneton
unettomista                             :P:Ela:                   uneton
unettomiin                              :P:Ill:                   uneton
unettomilla                             :P:Ade:                   uneton
unettomilta                             :P:Abl:                   uneton
unettomille                             :P:All:                   uneton
unettomina                              :P:Ess:                   uneton
unettomiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uneton
unettomin                               :P:Ins:                   uneton
unettomitta                             :P:Abe:                   uneton
unettomine                              :P:Kom:                   uneton
unetan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unettaa
unetat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unettaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unetamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unetatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetetaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unettaa
uneta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unettaa
uneta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
uneta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
uneta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
uneta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
uneta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
uneteta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
unetin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unettaa
unetit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unetti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unetimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unetitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
unettanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unettaa
unettanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unettanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unettanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unettanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unettaa
unettane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unettaa
unettane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
unettane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
unettane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
unettane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
unettaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unettaa
unettaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unettaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unettaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unettaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             unettaa
unettaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unettaa
unettaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
unettaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
unettaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
unettaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
uneta                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unettakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unettakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unettakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unettaa
uneta                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
unettako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
unettako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
unettako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unettaa
unettaa                                 :Inf1:                    unettaa
unettaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  unettaa
unettaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unettaa
unetettaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unettaa
unettaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unettaa
unettamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unettaa
unettamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unettaa
unettamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unettaa
unettamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unettaa
unettamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unettaa
unettaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unettaa
unetettaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unettaa
unettaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                unettaa
unettamista                             :Inf4:Par:                unettaa
unettamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    unettaa
unettava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unettaa
unetettava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unettaa
unettanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             unettaa
unetettu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             unettaa
unettama                                :Cip:Age:                 unettaa
unettamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
unettanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unettaa
unettanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unettanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             unettaa
unettanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
unettanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unettaa
unettanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unettaa
unettanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             unettaa
unettanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unettaa
unettanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
unettanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unettaa
unettaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unettaa
unetettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             unettaa
unettanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unettaa
unettaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unettaa
unetettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unettaa
unettomuus                              :S:Nom:                   unettomuus
unettomuuden                            :S:Gen:                   unettomuus
unettomuutta                            :S:Par:                   unettomuus
unettomuudessa                          :S:Ine:                   unettomuus
unettomuudesta                          :S:Ela:                   unettomuus
unettomuuteen                           :S:Ill:                   unettomuus
unettomuudella                          :S:Ade:                   unettomuus
unettomuudelta                          :S:Abl:                   unettomuus
unettomuudelle                          :S:All:                   unettomuus
unettomuutena                           :S:Ess:                   unettomuus
unettomuudeksi                          :S:Tra:                   unettomuus
unettomuutta                            :S:Abe:                   unettomuus
unettomuudet                            :P:Nom:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksien                          :P:Gen:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksia                           :P:Par:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksista                         :P:Ela:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksille                         :P:All:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksina                          :P:Ess:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksin                           :P:Ins:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   unettomuus
unettomuuksine                          :P:Kom:                   unettomuus
unho                                    :S:Nom:                   unho
unhon                                   :S:Gen:                   unho
unhoa                                   :S:Par:                   unho
unhossa                                 :S:Ine:                   unho
unhosta                                 :S:Ela:                   unho
unhoon                                  :S:Ill:                   unho
unholla                                 :S:Ade:                   unho
unholta                                 :S:Abl:                   unho
unholle                                 :S:All:                   unho
unhona                                  :S:Ess:                   unho
unhoksi                                 :S:Tra:                   unho
unhotta                                 :S:Abe:                   unho
unhot                                   :P:Nom:                   unho
unhojen                                 :P:Gen:                   unho
unhoja                                  :P:Par:                   unho
unhoissa                                :P:Ine:                   unho
unhoista                                :P:Ela:                   unho
unhoihin                                :P:Ill:                   unho
unhoilla                                :P:Ade:                   unho
unhoilta                                :P:Abl:                   unho
unhoille                                :P:All:                   unho
unhoina                                 :P:Ess:                   unho
unhoiksi                                :P:Tra:                   unho
unhoin                                  :P:Ins:                   unho
unhoitta                                :P:Abe:                   unho
unhoine                                 :P:Kom:                   unho
unhoitan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhoittaa
unhoitat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoittaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoitamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoitatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittavat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoita                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoita                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoita                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoita                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoita                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoita                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoiteta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoitin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unhoittaa
unhoitit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoitti                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoitimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoititte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoittanen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhoittaa
unhoittanet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoittanee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoittanemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoittanette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittanevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoittaisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhoittaa
unhoittaisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoittaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoittaisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoittaisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittaisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoita                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoittakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoittakaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoittakaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittakoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoita                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittaa                               :Inf1:                    unhoittaa
unhoittaakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  unhoittaa
unhoittaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unhoittaa
unhoitettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unhoittaa
unhoittaen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unhoittaa
unhoittamassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unhoittaa
unhoittamasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unhoittaa
unhoittamaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unhoittaa
unhoittamalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unhoittaa
unhoittamatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unhoittaa
unhoittaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unhoittaa
unhoitettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unhoittaa
unhoittaminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                unhoittaa
unhoittamista                           :Inf4:Par:                unhoittaa
unhoittamaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    unhoittaa
unhoittava                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unhoittaa
unhoitettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittama                              :Cip:Age:                 unhoittaa
unhoittamaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             unhoittaa
unhoittanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoittaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittaa
unhoitettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhoittaa
unhoitun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhoittua
unhoitut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittuu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoitumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoitutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittuvat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoitutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoitu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoitu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoitu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoitu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoitu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoitu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhoituin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unhoittua
unhoituit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittui                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoituimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoituitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittuivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhoittunen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhoittua
unhoittunet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittunee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoittunemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoittunette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittunevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittune                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhoittuisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhoittua
unhoittuisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoittuisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoittuisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittuisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhoitu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittukoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoittukaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoittukaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittukoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoitu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittua                               :Inf1:                    unhoittua
unhoittuakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  unhoittua
unhoittuessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unhoittua
unhoituttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unhoittua
unhoittuen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unhoittua
unhoittumassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unhoittua
unhoittumasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unhoittua
unhoittumaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unhoittua
unhoittumalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unhoittua
unhoittumatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unhoittua
unhoittuman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unhoittua
unhoituttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unhoittua
unhoittuminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                unhoittua
unhoittumista                           :Inf4:Par:                unhoittua
unhoittumaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    unhoittua
unhoittuva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unhoittua
unhoituttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittuma                              :Cip:Age:                 unhoittua
unhoittumaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             unhoittua
unhoittunut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoittuneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhoittua
unhoituttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhoittua
unhola                                  :S:Nom:                   unhola
unholan                                 :S:Gen:                   unhola
unholaa                                 :S:Par:                   unhola
unholassa                               :S:Ine:                   unhola
unholasta                               :S:Ela:                   unhola
unholaan                                :S:Ill:                   unhola
unholalla                               :S:Ade:                   unhola
unholalta                               :S:Abl:                   unhola
unholalle                               :S:All:                   unhola
unholana                                :S:Ess:                   unhola
unholaksi                               :S:Tra:                   unhola
unholatta                               :S:Abe:                   unhola
unholat                                 :P:Nom:                   unhola
unholoiden                              :P:Gen:                   unhola
unholoitten                             :P:Gen:                   unhola
unholain                                :P:Gen:                   unhola
unholoita                               :P:Par:                   unhola
unholoissa                              :P:Ine:                   unhola
unholoista                              :P:Ela:                   unhola
unholoihin                              :P:Ill:                   unhola
unholoilla                              :P:Ade:                   unhola
unholoilta                              :P:Abl:                   unhola
unholoille                              :P:All:                   unhola
unholoina                               :P:Ess:                   unhola
unholoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   unhola
unholoin                                :P:Ins:                   unhola
unholoitta                              :P:Abe:                   unhola
unholoine                               :P:Kom:                   unhola
unhotan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhottaa
unhotat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhottaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhotamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhotatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unhottaa
unhota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhota                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhoteta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhotin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unhottaa
unhotit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhotti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhotimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhotitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhottanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhottaa
unhottanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhottanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhottanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhottanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhottaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhottaa
unhottaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhottaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhottaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhota                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhottakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhottakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhottakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unhottaa
unhota                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottaa                                :Inf1:                    unhottaa
unhottaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  unhottaa
unhottaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unhottaa
unhotettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unhottaa
unhottaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unhottaa
unhottamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unhottaa
unhottamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unhottaa
unhottamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unhottaa
unhottamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unhottaa
unhottamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unhottaa
unhottaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unhottaa
unhotettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unhottaa
unhottaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                unhottaa
unhottamista                            :Inf4:Par:                unhottaa
unhottamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    unhottaa
unhottava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unhottaa
unhotettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottama                               :Cip:Age:                 unhottaa
unhottamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             unhottaa
unhottanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhottaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottaa
unhotettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhottaa
unhotun                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhottua
unhotut                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhotumme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhotutte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotutaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unhottua
unhotu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottua
unhotu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhotu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhotu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhotu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
unhotuin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unhottua
unhotuit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhotuimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhotuitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
unhottunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhottua
unhottunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhottunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhottunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unhottua
unhottune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
unhottuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unhottua
unhottuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhottuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhottuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             unhottua
unhottuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
unhotu                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhottukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhottukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unhottua
unhotu                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unhottua
unhottua                                :Inf1:                    unhottua
unhottuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  unhottua
unhottuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unhottua
unhotuttaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unhottua
unhottuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unhottua
unhottumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unhottua
unhottumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unhottua
unhottumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unhottua
unhottumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unhottua
unhottumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unhottua
unhottuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unhottua
unhotuttaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unhottua
unhottuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                unhottua
unhottumista                            :Inf4:Par:                unhottua
unhottumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    unhottua
unhottuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unhottua
unhotuttava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unhottua
unhottunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             unhottua
unhottuma                               :Cip:Age:                 unhottua
unhottumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
unhottunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unhottua
unhottunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             unhottua
unhottunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
unhottunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unhottua
unhottunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unhottua
unhottunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             unhottua
unhottunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
unhottunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             unhottua
unhottunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unhottua
unhottuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unhottua
unhotuttu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unhottua
uni                                     :S:Nom:                   uni
unen                                    :S:Gen:                   uni
unta                                    :S:Par:                   uni
unessa                                  :S:Ine:                   uni
unesta                                  :S:Ela:                   uni
uneen                                   :S:Ill:                   uni
unella                                  :S:Ade:                   uni
unelta                                  :S:Abl:                   uni
unelle                                  :S:All:                   uni
unena                                   :S:Ess:                   uni
uneksi                                  :S:Tra:                   uni
unetta                                  :S:Abe:                   uni
unet                                    :P:Nom:                   uni
unien                                   :P:Gen:                   uni
unten                                   :P:Gen:                   uni
unia                                    :P:Par:                   uni
unissa                                  :P:Ine:                   uni
unista                                  :P:Ela:                   uni
uniin                                   :P:Ill:                   uni
unilla                                  :P:Ade:                   uni
unilta                                  :P:Abl:                   uni
unille                                  :P:All:                   uni
unina                                   :P:Ess:                   uni
uniksi                                  :P:Tra:                   uni
unin                                    :P:Ins:                   uni
unitta                                  :P:Abe:                   uni
unine                                   :P:Kom:                   uni
uniaattikirkko                          :S:Nom:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkon                          :S:Gen:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkkoa                         :S:Par:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkossa                        :S:Ine:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkosta                        :S:Ela:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkkoon                        :S:Ill:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkolla                        :S:Ade:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkolta                        :S:Abl:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkolle                        :S:All:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkkona                        :S:Ess:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoksi                        :S:Tra:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkotta                        :S:Abe:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkot                          :P:Nom:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkkojen                       :P:Gen:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkkoja                        :P:Par:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoissa                       :P:Ine:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoista                       :P:Ela:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkkoihin                      :P:Ill:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoilla                       :P:Ade:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoilta                       :P:Abl:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoille                       :P:All:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkkoina                       :P:Ess:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoin                         :P:Ins:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkoitta                       :P:Abe:                   uniaattikirkko
uniaattikirkkoine                       :P:Kom:                   uniaattikirkko
uniapnea                                :S:Nom:                   uniapnea
uniapnean                               :S:Gen:                   uniapnea
uniapneaa                               :S:Par:                   uniapnea
uniapneassa                             :S:Ine:                   uniapnea
uniapneasta                             :S:Ela:                   uniapnea
uniapneaan                              :S:Ill:                   uniapnea
uniapnealla                             :S:Ade:                   uniapnea
uniapnealta                             :S:Abl:                   uniapnea
uniapnealle                             :S:All:                   uniapnea
uniapneana                              :S:Ess:                   uniapnea
uniapneaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uniapnea
uniapneatta                             :S:Abe:                   uniapnea
uniapneat                               :P:Nom:                   uniapnea
uniapneoiden                            :P:Gen:                   uniapnea
uniapneoitten                           :P:Gen:                   uniapnea
uniapneain                              :P:Gen:                   uniapnea
uniapneoita                             :P:Par:                   uniapnea
uniapneoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uniapnea
uniapneoista                            :P:Ela:                   uniapnea
uniapneoihin                            :P:Ill:                   uniapnea
uniapneoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uniapnea
uniapneoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uniapnea
uniapneoille                            :P:All:                   uniapnea
uniapneoina                             :P:Ess:                   uniapnea
uniapneoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uniapnea
uniapneoin                              :P:Ins:                   uniapnea
uniapneoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uniapnea
uniapneoine                             :P:Kom:                   uniapnea
uniasu                                  :S:Nom:                   uniasu
uniasun                                 :S:Gen:                   uniasu
uniasua                                 :S:Par:                   uniasu
uniasussa                               :S:Ine:                   uniasu
uniasusta                               :S:Ela:                   uniasu
uniasuun                                :S:Ill:                   uniasu
uniasulla                               :S:Ade:                   uniasu
uniasulta                               :S:Abl:                   uniasu
uniasulle                               :S:All:                   uniasu
uniasuna                                :S:Ess:                   uniasu
uniasuksi                               :S:Tra:                   uniasu
uniasutta                               :S:Abe:                   uniasu
uniasut                                 :P:Nom:                   uniasu
uniasujen                               :P:Gen:                   uniasu
uniasuja                                :P:Par:                   uniasu
uniasuissa                              :P:Ine:                   uniasu
uniasuista                              :P:Ela:                   uniasu
uniasuihin                              :P:Ill:                   uniasu
uniasuilla                              :P:Ade:                   uniasu
uniasuilta                              :P:Abl:                   uniasu
uniasuille                              :P:All:                   uniasu
uniasuina                               :P:Ess:                   uniasu
uniasuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uniasu
uniasuin                                :P:Ins:                   uniasu
uniasuitta                              :P:Abe:                   uniasu
uniasuine                               :P:Kom:                   uniasu
unienselitys                            :S:Nom:                   unienselitys
unienselityksen                         :S:Gen:                   unienselitys
unienselitystä                          :S:Par:                   unienselitys
unienselityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   unienselitys
unienselityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   unienselitys
unienselitykseen                        :S:Ill:                   unienselitys
unienselityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   unienselitys
unienselitykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   unienselitys
unienselitykselle                       :S:All:                   unienselitys
unienselityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   unienselitys
unienselitykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   unienselitys
unienselityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   unienselitys
unienselitykset                         :P:Nom:                   unienselitys
unienselitysten                         :P:Gen:                   unienselitys
unienselityksien                        :P:Gen:                   unienselitys
unienselityksiä                         :P:Par:                   unienselitys
unienselityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   unienselitys
unienselityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   unienselitys
unienselityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   unienselitys
unienselityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   unienselitys
unienselityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   unienselitys
unienselityksille                       :P:All:                   unienselitys
unienselityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   unienselitys
unienselityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   unienselitys
unienselityksin                         :P:Ins:                   unienselitys
unienselityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   unienselitys
unienselityksine                        :P:Kom:                   unienselitys
unihiekka                               :S:Nom:                   unihiekka
unihiekan                               :S:Gen:                   unihiekka
unihiekkaa                              :S:Par:                   unihiekka
unihiekassa                             :S:Ine:                   unihiekka
unihiekasta                             :S:Ela:                   unihiekka
unihiekkaan                             :S:Ill:                   unihiekka
unihiekalla                             :S:Ade:                   unihiekka
unihiekalta                             :S:Abl:                   unihiekka
unihiekalle                             :S:All:                   unihiekka
unihiekkana                             :S:Ess:                   unihiekka
unihiekaksi                             :S:Tra:                   unihiekka
unihiekatta                             :S:Abe:                   unihiekka
unihiekat                               :P:Nom:                   unihiekka
unihiekkojen                            :P:Gen:                   unihiekka
unihiekkain                             :P:Gen:                   unihiekka
unihiekkoja                             :P:Par:                   unihiekka
unihiekoissa                            :P:Ine:                   unihiekka
unihiekoista                            :P:Ela:                   unihiekka
unihiekkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   unihiekka
unihiekoilla                            :P:Ade:                   unihiekka
unihiekoilta                            :P:Abl:                   unihiekka
unihiekoille                            :P:All:                   unihiekka
unihiekkoina                            :P:Ess:                   unihiekka
unihiekoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   unihiekka
unihiekoin                              :P:Ins:                   unihiekka
unihiekoitta                            :P:Abe:                   unihiekka
unihiekkoine                            :P:Kom:                   unihiekka
unihäiriö                               :S:Nom:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriön                              :S:Gen:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriötä                             :S:Par:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriössä                            :S:Ine:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöstä                            :S:Ela:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöön                             :S:Ill:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöllä                            :S:Ade:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöltä                            :S:Abl:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriölle                            :S:All:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriönä                             :S:Ess:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöksi                            :S:Tra:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöttä                            :S:Abe:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöt                              :P:Nom:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöiden                           :P:Gen:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöitten                          :P:Gen:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöitä                            :P:Par:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöissä                           :P:Ine:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöistä                           :P:Ela:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöihin                           :P:Ill:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöillä                           :P:Ade:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöiltä                           :P:Abl:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöille                           :P:All:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöinä                            :P:Ess:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöiksi                           :P:Tra:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöin                             :P:Ins:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöittä                           :P:Abe:                   unihäiriö
unihäiriöine                            :P:Kom:                   unihäiriö
uniikki                                 :S:Nom:                   uniikki
uniikin                                 :S:Gen:                   uniikki
uniikkia                                :S:Par:                   uniikki
uniikissa                               :S:Ine:                   uniikki
uniikista                               :S:Ela:                   uniikki
uniikkiin                               :S:Ill:                   uniikki
uniikilla                               :S:Ade:                   uniikki
uniikilta                               :S:Abl:                   uniikki
uniikille                               :S:All:                   uniikki
uniikkina                               :S:Ess:                   uniikki
uniikiksi                               :S:Tra:                   uniikki
uniikitta                               :S:Abe:                   uniikki
uniikit                                 :P:Nom:                   uniikki
uniikkien                               :P:Gen:                   uniikki
uniikkeja                               :P:Par:                   uniikki
uniikeissa                              :P:Ine:                   uniikki
uniikeista                              :P:Ela:                   uniikki
uniikkeihin                             :P:Ill:                   uniikki
uniikeilla                              :P:Ade:                   uniikki
uniikeilta                              :P:Abl:                   uniikki
uniikeille                              :P:All:                   uniikki
uniikkeina                              :P:Ess:                   uniikki
uniikeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uniikki
uniikein                                :P:Ins:                   uniikki
uniikeitta                              :P:Abe:                   uniikki
uniikkeine                              :P:Kom:                   uniikki
uniikkikappale                          :S:Nom:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleen                        :S:Gen:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaletta                       :S:Par:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleessa                      :S:Ine:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleesta                      :S:Ela:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleeseen                     :S:Ill:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleella                      :S:Ade:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleelta                      :S:Abl:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleelle                      :S:All:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleena                       :S:Ess:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleeksi                      :S:Tra:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleetta                      :S:Abe:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleet                        :P:Nom:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleiden                      :P:Gen:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleitten                     :P:Gen:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleita                       :P:Par:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleissa                      :P:Ine:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleista                      :P:Ela:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleisiin                     :P:Ill:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleihin                      :P:Ill:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleilla                      :P:Ade:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleilta                      :P:Abl:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleille                      :P:All:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleina                       :P:Ess:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappalein                        :P:Ins:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleitta                      :P:Abe:                   uniikkikappale
uniikkikappaleine                       :P:Kom:                   uniikkikappale
unijukka                                :S:Nom:                   unijukka
unijukan                                :S:Gen:                   unijukka
unijukkaa                               :S:Par:                   unijukka
unijukassa                              :S:Ine:                   unijukka
unijukasta                              :S:Ela:                   unijukka
unijukkaan                              :S:Ill:                   unijukka
unijukalla                              :S:Ade:                   unijukka
unijukalta                              :S:Abl:                   unijukka
unijukalle                              :S:All:                   unijukka
unijukkana                              :S:Ess:                   unijukka
unijukaksi                              :S:Tra:                   unijukka
unijukatta                              :S:Abe:                   unijukka
unijukat                                :P:Nom:                   unijukka
unijukkien                              :P:Gen:                   unijukka
unijukkain                              :P:Gen:                   unijukka
unijukkia                               :P:Par:                   unijukka
unijukissa                              :P:Ine:                   unijukka
unijukista                              :P:Ela:                   unijukka
unijukkiin                              :P:Ill:                   unijukka
unijukilla                              :P:Ade:                   unijukka
unijukilta                              :P:Abl:                   unijukka
unijukille                              :P:All:                   unijukka
unijukkina                              :P:Ess:                   unijukka
unijukiksi                              :P:Tra:                   unijukka
unijukin                                :P:Ins:                   unijukka
unijukitta                              :P:Abe:                   unijukka
unijukkine                              :P:Kom:                   unijukka
unikeko                                 :S:Nom:                   unikeko
unikeon                                 :S:Gen:                   unikeko
unikekoa                                :S:Par:                   unikeko
unikeossa                               :S:Ine:                   unikeko
unikeosta                               :S:Ela:                   unikeko
unikekoon                               :S:Ill:                   unikeko
unikeolla                               :S:Ade:                   unikeko
unikeolta                               :S:Abl:                   unikeko
unikeolle                               :S:All:                   unikeko
unikekona                               :S:Ess:                   unikeko
unikeoksi                               :S:Tra:                   unikeko
unikeotta                               :S:Abe:                   unikeko
unikeot                                 :P:Nom:                   unikeko
unikekojen                              :P:Gen:                   unikeko
unikekoja                               :P:Par:                   unikeko
unikeoissa                              :P:Ine:                   unikeko
unikeoista                              :P:Ela:                   unikeko
unikekoihin                             :P:Ill:                   unikeko
unikeoilla                              :P:Ade:                   unikeko
unikeoilta                              :P:Abl:                   unikeko
unikeoille                              :P:All:                   unikeko
unikekoina                              :P:Ess:                   unikeko
unikeoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   unikeko
unikeoin                                :P:Ins:                   unikeko
unikeoitta                              :P:Abe:                   unikeko
unikekoine                              :P:Kom:                   unikeko
unikeonpäivä                            :S:Nom:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivän                           :S:Gen:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivää                           :S:Par:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivässä                         :S:Ine:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivästä                         :S:Ela:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivään                          :S:Ill:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivällä                         :S:Ade:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivältä                         :S:Abl:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivälle                         :S:All:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivänä                          :S:Ess:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäiväksi                         :S:Tra:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivättä                         :S:Abe:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivät                           :P:Nom:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivien                          :P:Gen:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäiväin                          :P:Gen:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäiviä                           :P:Par:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivissä                         :P:Ine:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivistä                         :P:Ela:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäiviin                          :P:Ill:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivillä                         :P:Ade:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäiviltä                         :P:Abl:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäiville                         :P:All:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivinä                          :P:Ess:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäiviksi                         :P:Tra:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivin                           :P:Ins:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivittä                         :P:Abe:                   unikeonpäivä
unikeonpäivine                          :P:Kom:                   unikeonpäivä
unikko                                  :S:Nom:                   unikko
unikon                                  :S:Gen:                   unikko
unikkoa                                 :S:Par:                   unikko
unikossa                                :S:Ine:                   unikko
unikosta                                :S:Ela:                   unikko
unikkoon                                :S:Ill:                   unikko
unikolla                                :S:Ade:                   unikko
unikolta                                :S:Abl:                   unikko
unikolle                                :S:All:                   unikko
unikkona                                :S:Ess:                   unikko
unikoksi                                :S:Tra:                   unikko
unikotta                                :S:Abe:                   unikko
unikot                                  :P:Nom:                   unikko
unikkojen                               :P:Gen:                   unikko
unikoiden                               :P:Gen:                   unikko
unikoitten                              :P:Gen:                   unikko
unikkoja                                :P:Par:                   unikko
unikoita                                :P:Par:                   unikko
unikoissa                               :P:Ine:                   unikko
unikoista                               :P:Ela:                   unikko
unikkoihin                              :P:Ill:                   unikko
unikoihin                               :P:Ill:                   unikko
unikoilla                               :P:Ade:                   unikko
unikoilta                               :P:Abl:                   unikko
unikoille                               :P:All:                   unikko
unikkoina                               :P:Ess:                   unikko
unikoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   unikko
unikoin                                 :P:Ins:                   unikko
unikoitta                               :P:Abe:                   unikko
unikoine                                :P:Kom:                   unikko
unikuva                                 :S:Nom:                   unikuva
unikuvan                                :S:Gen:                   unikuva
unikuvaa                                :S:Par:                   unikuva
unikuvassa                              :S:Ine:                   unikuva
unikuvasta                              :S:Ela:                   unikuva
unikuvaan                               :S:Ill:                   unikuva
unikuvalla                              :S:Ade:                   unikuva
unikuvalta                              :S:Abl:                   unikuva
unikuvalle                              :S:All:                   unikuva
unikuvana                               :S:Ess:                   unikuva
unikuvaksi                              :S:Tra:                   unikuva
unikuvatta                              :S:Abe:                   unikuva
unikuvat                                :P:Nom:                   unikuva
unikuvien                               :P:Gen:                   unikuva
unikuvain                               :P:Gen:                   unikuva
unikuvia                                :P:Par:                   unikuva
unikuvissa                              :P:Ine:                   unikuva
unikuvista                              :P:Ela:                   unikuva
unikuviin                               :P:Ill:                   unikuva
unikuvilla                              :P:Ade:                   unikuva
unikuvilta                              :P:Abl:                   unikuva
unikuville                              :P:All:                   unikuva
unikuvina                               :P:Ess:                   unikuva
unikuviksi                              :P:Tra:                   unikuva
unikuvin                                :P:Ins:                   unikuva
unikuvitta                              :P:Abe:                   unikuva
unikuvine                               :P:Kom:                   unikuva
unilelu                                 :S:Nom:                   unilelu
unilelun                                :S:Gen:                   unilelu
unilelua                                :S:Par:                   unilelu
unilelussa                              :S:Ine:                   unilelu
unilelusta                              :S:Ela:                   unilelu
unileluun                               :S:Ill:                   unilelu
unilelulla                              :S:Ade:                   unilelu
unilelulta                              :S:Abl:                   unilelu
unilelulle                              :S:All:                   unilelu
unileluna                               :S:Ess:                   unilelu
unileluksi                              :S:Tra:                   unilelu
unilelutta                              :S:Abe:                   unilelu
unilelut                                :P:Nom:                   unilelu
unilelujen                              :P:Gen:                   unilelu
unileluja                               :P:Par:                   unilelu
unileluissa                             :P:Ine:                   unilelu
unileluista                             :P:Ela:                   unilelu
unileluihin                             :P:Ill:                   unilelu
unileluilla                             :P:Ade:                   unilelu
unileluilta                             :P:Abl:                   unilelu
unileluille                             :P:All:                   unilelu
unileluina                              :P:Ess:                   unilelu
unileluiksi                             :P:Tra:                   unilelu
unileluin                               :P:Ins:                   unilelu
unileluitta                             :P:Abe:                   unilelu
unileluine                              :P:Kom:                   unilelu
uniliike                                :S:Nom:                   uniliike
uniliikkeen                             :S:Gen:                   uniliike
uniliikettä                             :S:Par:                   uniliike
uniliikkeessä                           :S:Ine:                   uniliike
uniliikkeestä                           :S:Ela:                   uniliike
uniliikkeeseen                          :S:Ill:                   uniliike
uniliikkeellä                           :S:Ade:                   uniliike
uniliikkeeltä                           :S:Abl:                   uniliike
uniliikkeelle                           :S:All:                   uniliike
uniliikkeenä                            :S:Ess:                   uniliike
uniliikkeeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uniliike
uniliikkeettä                           :S:Abe:                   uniliike
uniliikkeet                             :P:Nom:                   uniliike
uniliikkeiden                           :P:Gen:                   uniliike
uniliikeitten                           :P:Gen:                   uniliike
uniliikkeitä                            :P:Par:                   uniliike
uniliikkeissä                           :P:Ine:                   uniliike
uniliikkeistä                           :P:Ela:                   uniliike
uniliikkeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uniliike
uniliikkeihin                           :P:Ill:                   uniliike
uniliikkeillä                           :P:Ade:                   uniliike
uniliikkeiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uniliike
uniliikkeille                           :P:All:                   uniliike
uniliikkeinä                            :P:Ess:                   uniliike
uniliikkeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uniliike
uniliikkein                             :P:Ins:                   uniliike
uniliikkeittä                           :P:Abe:                   uniliike
uniliikkeine                            :P:Kom:                   uniliike
unilukkari                              :S:Nom:                   unilukkari
unilukkarin                             :S:Gen:                   unilukkari
unilukkaria                             :S:Par:                   unilukkari
unilukkarissa                           :S:Ine:                   unilukkari
unilukkarista                           :S:Ela:                   unilukkari
unilukkariin                            :S:Ill:                   unilukkari
unilukkarilla                           :S:Ade:                   unilukkari
unilukkarilta                           :S:Abl:                   unilukkari
unilukkarille                           :S:All:                   unilukkari
unilukkarina                            :S:Ess:                   unilukkari
unilukkariksi                           :S:Tra:                   unilukkari
unilukkaritta                           :S:Abe:                   unilukkari
unilukkarit                             :P:Nom:                   unilukkari
unilukkarien                            :P:Gen:                   unilukkari
unilukkareiden                          :P:Gen:                   unilukkari
unilukkareitten                         :P:Gen:                   unilukkari
unilukkareja                            :P:Par:                   unilukkari
unilukkareita                           :P:Par:                   unilukkari
unilukkareissa                          :P:Ine:                   unilukkari
unilukkareista                          :P:Ela:                   unilukkari
unilukkareihin                          :P:Ill:                   unilukkari
unilukkareilla                          :P:Ade:                   unilukkari
unilukkareilta                          :P:Abl:                   unilukkari
unilukkareille                          :P:All:                   unilukkari
unilukkareina                           :P:Ess:                   unilukkari
unilukkareiksi                          :P:Tra:                   unilukkari
unilukkarein                            :P:Ins:                   unilukkari
unilukkareitta                          :P:Abe:                   unilukkari
unilukkareine                           :P:Kom:                   unilukkari
unilääke                                :S:Nom:                   unilääke
unilääkkeen                             :S:Gen:                   unilääke
unilääkettä                             :S:Par:                   unilääke
unilääkkeessä                           :S:Ine:                   unilääke
unilääkkeestä                           :S:Ela:                   unilääke
unilääkkeeseen                          :S:Ill:                   unilääke
unilääkkeellä                           :S:Ade:                   unilääke
unilääkkeeltä                           :S:Abl:                   unilääke
unilääkkeelle                           :S:All:                   unilääke
unilääkkeenä                            :S:Ess:                   unilääke
unilääkkeeksi                           :S:Tra:                   unilääke
unilääkkeettä                           :S:Abe:                   unilääke
unilääkkeet                             :P:Nom:                   unilääke
unilääkkeiden                           :P:Gen:                   unilääke
unilääkeitten                           :P:Gen:                   unilääke
unilääkkeitä                            :P:Par:                   unilääke
unilääkkeissä                           :P:Ine:                   unilääke
unilääkkeistä                           :P:Ela:                   unilääke
unilääkkeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   unilääke
unilääkkeihin                           :P:Ill:                   unilääke
unilääkkeillä                           :P:Ade:                   unilääke
unilääkkeiltä                           :P:Abl:                   unilääke
unilääkkeille                           :P:All:                   unilääke
unilääkkeinä                            :P:Ess:                   unilääke
unilääkkeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   unilääke
unilääkkein                             :P:Ins:                   unilääke
unilääkkeittä                           :P:Abe:                   unilääke
unilääkkeine                            :P:Kom:                   unilääke
unimaito                                :S:Nom:                   unimaito
unimaidon                               :S:Gen:                   unimaito
unimaitoa                               :S:Par:                   unimaito
unimaidossa                             :S:Ine:                   unimaito
unimaidosta                             :S:Ela:                   unimaito
unimaitoon                              :S:Ill:                   unimaito
unimaidolla                             :S:Ade:                   unimaito
unimaidolta                             :S:Abl:                   unimaito
unimaidolle                             :S:All:                   unimaito
unimaitona                              :S:Ess:                   unimaito
unimaidoksi                             :S:Tra:                   unimaito
unimaidotta                             :S:Abe:                   unimaito
unimaidot                               :P:Nom:                   unimaito
unimaitojen                             :P:Gen:                   unimaito
unimaitoja                              :P:Par:                   unimaito
unimaidoissa                            :P:Ine:                   unimaito
unimaidoista                            :P:Ela:                   unimaito
unimaitoihin                            :P:Ill:                   unimaito
unimaidoilla                            :P:Ade:                   unimaito
unimaidoilta                            :P:Abl:                   unimaito
unimaidoille                            :P:All:                   unimaito
unimaitoina                             :P:Ess:                   unimaito
unimaidoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   unimaito
unimaidoin                              :P:Ins:                   unimaito
unimaidoitta                            :P:Abe:                   unimaito
unimaitoine                             :P:Kom:                   unimaito
uninen                                  :S:Nom:                   uninen
unisen                                  :S:Gen:                   uninen
unista                                  :S:Par:                   uninen
unisessa                                :S:Ine:                   uninen
unisesta                                :S:Ela:                   uninen
uniseen                                 :S:Ill:                   uninen
unisella                                :S:Ade:                   uninen
uniselta                                :S:Abl:                   uninen
uniselle                                :S:All:                   uninen
unisena                                 :S:Ess:                   uninen
uniseksi                                :S:Tra:                   uninen
unisetta                                :S:Abe:                   uninen
uniset                                  :P:Nom:                   uninen
unisten                                 :P:Gen:                   uninen
unisin                                  :P:Gen:                   uninen
unisia                                  :P:Par:                   uninen
unisissa                                :P:Ine:                   uninen
unisista                                :P:Ela:                   uninen
unisiin                                 :P:Ill:                   uninen
unisilla                                :P:Ade:                   uninen
unisilta                                :P:Abl:                   uninen
unisille                                :P:All:                   uninen
unisina                                 :P:Ess:                   uninen
unisiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uninen
unisin                                  :P:Ins:                   uninen
unisitta                                :P:Abe:                   uninen
unisine                                 :P:Kom:                   uninen
uniohjaus                               :S:Nom:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksen                            :S:Gen:                   uniohjaus
uniohjausta                             :S:Par:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksessa                          :S:Ine:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksesta                          :S:Ela:                   uniohjaus
uniohjaukseen                           :S:Ill:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksella                          :S:Ade:                   uniohjaus
uniohjaukselta                          :S:Abl:                   uniohjaus
uniohjaukselle                          :S:All:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksena                           :S:Ess:                   uniohjaus
uniohjaukseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksetta                          :S:Abe:                   uniohjaus
uniohjaukset                            :P:Nom:                   uniohjaus
uniohjausten                            :P:Gen:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksien                           :P:Gen:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksia                            :P:Par:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksissa                          :P:Ine:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksista                          :P:Ela:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksiin                           :P:Ill:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksilla                          :P:Ade:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksilta                          :P:Abl:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksille                          :P:All:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksina                           :P:Ess:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksin                            :P:Ins:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksitta                          :P:Abe:                   uniohjaus
uniohjauksine                           :P:Kom:                   uniohjaus
unioni                                  :S:Nom:                   unioni
unionin                                 :S:Gen:                   unioni
unionia                                 :S:Par:                   unioni
unionissa                               :S:Ine:                   unioni
unionista                               :S:Ela:                   unioni
unioniin                                :S:Ill:                   unioni
unionilla                               :S:Ade:                   unioni
unionilta                               :S:Abl:                   unioni
unionille                               :S:All:                   unioni
unionina                                :S:Ess:                   unioni
unioniksi                               :S:Tra:                   unioni
unionitta                               :S:Abe:                   unioni
unionit                                 :P:Nom:                   unioni
unionien                                :P:Gen:                   unioni
unioneiden                              :P:Gen:                   unioni
unioneitten                             :P:Gen:                   unioni
unioneja                                :P:Par:                   unioni
unioneita                               :P:Par:                   unioni
unioneissa                              :P:Ine:                   unioni
unioneista                              :P:Ela:                   unioni
unioneihin                              :P:Ill:                   unioni
unioneilla                              :P:Ade:                   unioni
unioneilta                              :P:Abl:                   unioni
unioneille                              :P:All:                   unioni
unioneina                               :P:Ess:                   unioni
unioneiksi                              :P:Tra:                   unioni
unionein                                :P:Ins:                   unioni
unioneitta                              :P:Abe:                   unioni
unioneine                               :P:Kom:                   unioni
uniseksi                                :S:Nom:                   uniseksi
uniseksin                               :S:Gen:                   uniseksi
uniseksiä                               :S:Par:                   uniseksi
uniseksissä                             :S:Ine:                   uniseksi
uniseksistä                             :S:Ela:                   uniseksi
uniseksiin                              :S:Ill:                   uniseksi
uniseksillä                             :S:Ade:                   uniseksi
uniseksiltä                             :S:Abl:                   uniseksi
uniseksille                             :S:All:                   uniseksi
uniseksinä                              :S:Ess:                   uniseksi
uniseksiksi                             :S:Tra:                   uniseksi
uniseksittä                             :S:Abe:                   uniseksi
uniseksit                               :P:Nom:                   uniseksi
uniseksien                              :P:Gen:                   uniseksi
uniseksejä                              :P:Par:                   uniseksi
unisekseissä                            :P:Ine:                   uniseksi
unisekseistä                            :P:Ela:                   uniseksi
unisekseihin                            :P:Ill:                   uniseksi
unisekseillä                            :P:Ade:                   uniseksi
unisekseiltä                            :P:Abl:                   uniseksi
unisekseille                            :P:All:                   uniseksi
unisekseinä                             :P:Ess:                   uniseksi
unisekseiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uniseksi
uniseksein                              :P:Ins:                   uniseksi
unisekseittä                            :P:Abe:                   uniseksi
unisekseine                             :P:Kom:                   uniseksi
uniseksiasu                             :S:Nom:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasun                            :S:Gen:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasua                            :S:Par:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasussa                          :S:Ine:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasusta                          :S:Ela:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuun                           :S:Ill:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasulla                          :S:Ade:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasulta                          :S:Abl:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasulle                          :S:All:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuna                           :S:Ess:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuksi                          :S:Tra:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasutta                          :S:Abe:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasut                            :P:Nom:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasujen                          :P:Gen:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuja                           :P:Par:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuissa                         :P:Ine:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuista                         :P:Ela:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuihin                         :P:Ill:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuilla                         :P:Ade:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuilta                         :P:Abl:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuille                         :P:All:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuina                          :P:Ess:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuin                           :P:Ins:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuitta                         :P:Abe:                   uniseksiasu
uniseksiasuine                          :P:Kom:                   uniseksiasu
unissakävelijä                          :S:Nom:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijän                         :S:Gen:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijää                         :S:Par:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijässä                       :S:Ine:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijästä                       :S:Ela:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijään                        :S:Ill:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijällä                       :S:Ade:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijältä                       :S:Abl:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijälle                       :S:All:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijänä                        :S:Ess:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijäksi                       :S:Tra:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijättä                       :S:Abe:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijät                         :P:Nom:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöiden                      :P:Gen:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöitten                     :P:Gen:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijäin                        :P:Gen:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöitä                       :P:Par:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöissä                      :P:Ine:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöistä                      :P:Ela:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöihin                      :P:Ill:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöillä                      :P:Ade:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöiltä                      :P:Abl:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöille                      :P:All:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöinä                       :P:Ess:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöiksi                      :P:Tra:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöin                        :P:Ins:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöittä                      :P:Abe:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävelijöine                       :P:Kom:                   unissakävelijä
unissakävely                            :S:Nom:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyn                           :S:Gen:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyä                           :S:Par:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyssä                         :S:Ine:                   unissakävely
unissakävelystä                         :S:Ela:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyyn                          :S:Ill:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyllä                         :S:Ade:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyltä                         :S:Abl:                   unissakävely
unissakävelylle                         :S:All:                   unissakävely
unissakävelynä                          :S:Ess:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyksi                         :S:Tra:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyttä                         :S:Abe:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyt                           :P:Nom:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyjen                         :P:Gen:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyiden                        :P:Gen:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyitten                       :P:Gen:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyjä                          :P:Par:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyitä                         :P:Par:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyissä                        :P:Ine:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyistä                        :P:Ela:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyihin                        :P:Ill:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyillä                        :P:Ade:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyiltä                        :P:Abl:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyille                        :P:All:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyinä                         :P:Ess:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyiksi                        :P:Tra:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyin                          :P:Ins:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyittä                        :P:Abe:                   unissakävely
unissakävelyine                         :P:Kom:                   unissakävely
unissakävijä                            :S:Nom:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijän                           :S:Gen:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijää                           :S:Par:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijässä                         :S:Ine:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijästä                         :S:Ela:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijään                          :S:Ill:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijällä                         :S:Ade:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijältä                         :S:Abl:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijälle                         :S:All:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijänä                          :S:Ess:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijäksi                         :S:Tra:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijättä                         :S:Abe:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijät                           :P:Nom:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöiden                        :P:Gen:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöitten                       :P:Gen:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijäin                          :P:Gen:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöitä                         :P:Par:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöissä                        :P:Ine:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöistä                        :P:Ela:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöihin                        :P:Ill:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöillä                        :P:Ade:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöiltä                        :P:Abl:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöille                        :P:All:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöinä                         :P:Ess:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöiksi                        :P:Tra:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöin                          :P:Ins:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöittä                        :P:Abe:                   unissakävijä
unissakävijöine                         :P:Kom:                   unissakävijä
unissasaarnaaja                         :S:Nom:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajan                        :S:Gen:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajaa                        :S:Par:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajassa                      :S:Ine:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajasta                      :S:Ela:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajaan                       :S:Ill:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajalla                      :S:Ade:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajalta                      :S:Abl:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajalle                      :S:All:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajana                       :S:Ess:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajaksi                      :S:Tra:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajatta                      :S:Abe:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajat                        :P:Nom:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajien                       :P:Gen:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajain                       :P:Gen:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajia                        :P:Par:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajissa                      :P:Ine:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajista                      :P:Ela:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajiin                       :P:Ill:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajilla                      :P:Ade:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajilta                      :P:Abl:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajille                      :P:All:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajina                       :P:Ess:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajiksi                      :P:Tra:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajin                        :P:Ins:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajitta                      :P:Abe:                   unissasaarnaaja
unissasaarnaajine                       :P:Kom:                   unissasaarnaaja
unisuus                                 :S:Nom:                   unisuus
unisuuden                               :S:Gen:                   unisuus
unisuutta                               :S:Par:                   unisuus
unisuudessa                             :S:Ine:                   unisuus
unisuudesta                             :S:Ela:                   unisuus
unisuuteen                              :S:Ill:                   unisuus
unisuudella                             :S:Ade:                   unisuus
unisuudelta                             :S:Abl:                   unisuus
unisuudelle                             :S:All:                   unisuus
unisuutena                              :S:Ess:                   unisuus
unisuudeksi                             :S:Tra:                   unisuus
unisuutta                               :S:Abe:                   unisuus
unisuudet                               :P:Nom:                   unisuus
unisuuksien                             :P:Gen:                   unisuus
unisuuksia                              :P:Par:                   unisuus
unisuuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   unisuus
unisuuksista                            :P:Ela:                   unisuus
unisuuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   unisuus
unisuuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   unisuus
unisuuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   unisuus
unisuuksille                            :P:All:                   unisuus
unisuuksina                             :P:Ess:                   unisuus
unisuuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   unisuus
unisuuksin                              :P:Ins:                   unisuus
unisuuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   unisuus
unisuuksine                             :P:Kom:                   unisuus
unitabletti                             :S:Nom:                   unitabletti
unitabletin                             :S:Gen:                   unitabletti
unitablettia                            :S:Par:                   unitabletti
unitabletissa                           :S:Ine:                   unitabletti
unitabletista                           :S:Ela:                   unitabletti
unitablettiin                           :S:Ill:                   unitabletti
unitabletilla                           :S:Ade:                   unitabletti
unitabletilta                           :S:Abl:                   unitabletti
unitabletille                           :S:All:                   unitabletti
unitablettina                           :S:Ess:                   unitabletti
unitabletiksi                           :S:Tra:                   unitabletti
unitabletitta                           :S:Abe:                   unitabletti
unitabletit                             :P:Nom:                   unitabletti
unitablettien                           :P:Gen:                   unitabletti
unitabletteja                           :P:Par:                   unitabletti
unitableteissa                          :P:Ine:                   unitabletti
unitableteista                          :P:Ela:                   unitabletti
unitabletteihin                         :P:Ill:                   unitabletti
unitableteilla                          :P:Ade:                   unitabletti
unitableteilta                          :P:Abl:                   unitabletti
unitableteille                          :P:All:                   unitabletti
unitabletteina                          :P:Ess:                   unitabletti
unitableteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   unitabletti
unitabletein                            :P:Ins:                   unitabletti
unitableteitta                          :P:Abe:                   unitabletti
unitabletteine                          :P:Kom:                   unitabletti
unitauti                                :S:Nom:                   unitauti
unitaudin                               :S:Gen:                   unitauti
unitautia                               :S:Par:                   unitauti
unitaudissa                             :S:Ine:                   unitauti
unitaudista                             :S:Ela:                   unitauti
unitautiin                              :S:Ill:                   unitauti
unitaudilla                             :S:Ade:                   unitauti
unitaudilta                             :S:Abl:                   unitauti
unitaudille                             :S:All:                   unitauti
unitautina                              :S:Ess:                   unitauti
unitaudiksi                             :S:Tra:                   unitauti
unitauditta                             :S:Abe:                   unitauti
unitaudit                               :P:Nom:                   unitauti
unitautien                              :P:Gen:                   unitauti
unitauteja                              :P:Par:                   unitauti
unitaudeissa                            :P:Ine:                   unitauti
unitaudeista                            :P:Ela:                   unitauti
unitauteihin                            :P:Ill:                   unitauti
unitaudeilla                            :P:Ade:                   unitauti
unitaudeilta                            :P:Abl:                   unitauti
unitaudeille                            :P:All:                   unitauti
unitauteina                             :P:Ess:                   unitauti
unitaudeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   unitauti
unitaudein                              :P:Ins:                   unitauti
unitaudeitta                            :P:Abe:                   unitauti
unitauteine                             :P:Kom:                   unitauti
unitila                                 :S:Nom:                   unitila
unitilan                                :S:Gen:                   unitila
unitilaa                                :S:Par:                   unitila
unitilassa                              :S:Ine:                   unitila
unitilasta                              :S:Ela:                   unitila
unitilaan                               :S:Ill:                   unitila
unitilalla                              :S:Ade:                   unitila
unitilalta                              :S:Abl:                   unitila
unitilalle                              :S:All:                   unitila
unitilana                               :S:Ess:                   unitila
unitilaksi                              :S:Tra:                   unitila
unitilatta                              :S:Abe:                   unitila
unitilat                                :P:Nom:                   unitila
unitilojen                              :P:Gen:                   unitila
unitilain                               :P:Gen:                   unitila
unitiloja                               :P:Par:                   unitila
unitiloissa                             :P:Ine:                   unitila
unitiloista                             :P:Ela:                   unitila
unitiloihin                             :P:Ill:                   unitila
unitiloilla                             :P:Ade:                   unitila
unitiloilta                             :P:Abl:                   unitila
unitiloille                             :P:All:                   unitila
unitiloina                              :P:Ess:                   unitila
unitiloiksi                             :P:Tra:                   unitila
unitiloin                               :P:Ins:                   unitila
unitiloitta                             :P:Abe:                   unitila
unitiloine                              :P:Kom:                   unitila
unitutkimus                             :S:Nom:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksen                          :S:Gen:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimusta                           :S:Par:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimukseen                         :S:Ill:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksella                        :S:Ade:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimukselta                        :S:Abl:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimukselle                        :S:All:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksena                         :S:Ess:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimukset                          :P:Nom:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimusten                          :P:Gen:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksien                         :P:Gen:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksia                          :P:Par:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksista                        :P:Ela:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksille                        :P:All:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksina                         :P:Ess:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksin                          :P:Ins:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   unitutkimus
unitutkimuksine                         :P:Kom:                   unitutkimus
uni-valverytmi                          :S:Nom:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmin                         :S:Gen:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmiä                         :S:Par:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmissä                       :S:Ine:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmistä                       :S:Ela:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmiin                        :S:Ill:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmillä                       :S:Ade:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmiltä                       :S:Abl:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmille                       :S:All:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytminä                        :S:Ess:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmiksi                       :S:Tra:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmittä                       :S:Abe:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmit                         :P:Nom:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmien                        :P:Gen:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmejä                        :P:Par:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeissä                      :P:Ine:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeistä                      :P:Ela:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeihin                      :P:Ill:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeillä                      :P:Ade:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeille                      :P:All:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeinä                       :P:Ess:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmein                        :P:Ins:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeittä                      :P:Abe:                   uni-valverytmi
uni-valverytmeine                       :P:Kom:                   uni-valverytmi
univelka                                :S:Nom:                   univelka
univelan                                :S:Gen:                   univelka
univelkaa                               :S:Par:                   univelka
univelassa                              :S:Ine:                   univelka
univelasta                              :S:Ela:                   univelka
univelkaan                              :S:Ill:                   univelka
univelalla                              :S:Ade:                   univelka
univelalta                              :S:Abl:                   univelka
univelalle                              :S:All:                   univelka
univelkana                              :S:Ess:                   univelka
univelaksi                              :S:Tra:                   univelka
univelatta                              :S:Abe:                   univelka
univelat                                :P:Nom:                   univelka
univelkojen                             :P:Gen:                   univelka
univelkain                              :P:Gen:                   univelka
univelkoja                              :P:Par:                   univelka
univeloissa                             :P:Ine:                   univelka
univeloista                             :P:Ela:                   univelka
univelkoihin                            :P:Ill:                   univelka
univeloilla                             :P:Ade:                   univelka
univeloilta                             :P:Abl:                   univelka
univeloille                             :P:All:                   univelka
univelkoina                             :P:Ess:                   univelka
univeloiksi                             :P:Tra:                   univelka
univeloin                               :P:Ins:                   univelka
univeloitta                             :P:Abe:                   univelka
univelkoine                             :P:Kom:                   univelka
universaali                             :S:Nom:                   universaali
universaalin                            :S:Gen:                   universaali
universaalia                            :S:Par:                   universaali
universaalissa                          :S:Ine:                   universaali
universaalista                          :S:Ela:                   universaali
universaaliin                           :S:Ill:                   universaali
universaalilla                          :S:Ade:                   universaali
universaalilta                          :S:Abl:                   universaali
universaalille                          :S:All:                   universaali
universaalina                           :S:Ess:                   universaali
universaaliksi                          :S:Tra:                   universaali
universaalitta                          :S:Abe:                   universaali
universaalit                            :P:Nom:                   universaali
universaalien                           :P:Gen:                   universaali
universaaleja                           :P:Par:                   universaali
universaaleissa                         :P:Ine:                   universaali
universaaleista                         :P:Ela:                   universaali
universaaleihin                         :P:Ill:                   universaali
universaaleilla                         :P:Ade:                   universaali
universaaleilta                         :P:Abl:                   universaali
universaaleille                         :P:All:                   universaali
universaaleina                          :P:Ess:                   universaali
universaaleiksi                         :P:Tra:                   universaali
universaalein                           :P:Ins:                   universaali
universaaleitta                         :P:Abe:                   universaali
universaaleine                          :P:Kom:                   universaali
universaalinen                          :S:Nom:                   universaalinen
universaalisen                          :S:Gen:                   universaalinen
universaalista                          :S:Par:                   universaalinen
universaalisessa                        :S:Ine:                   universaalinen
universaalisesta                        :S:Ela:                   universaalinen
universaaliseen                         :S:Ill:                   universaalinen
universaalisella                        :S:Ade:                   universaalinen
universaaliselta                        :S:Abl:                   universaalinen
universaaliselle                        :S:All:                   universaalinen
universaalisena                         :S:Ess:                   universaalinen
universaaliseksi                        :S:Tra:                   universaalinen
universaalisetta                        :S:Abe:                   universaalinen
universaaliset                          :P:Nom:                   universaalinen
universaalisten                         :P:Gen:                   universaalinen
universaalisin                          :P:Gen:                   universaalinen
universaalisia                          :P:Par:                   universaalinen
universaalisissa                        :P:Ine:                   universaalinen
universaalisista                        :P:Ela:                   universaalinen
universaalisiin                         :P:Ill:                   universaalinen
universaalisilla                        :P:Ade:                   universaalinen
universaalisilta                        :P:Abl:                   universaalinen
universaalisille                        :P:All:                   universaalinen
universaalisina                         :P:Ess:                   universaalinen
universaalisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   universaalinen
universaalisin                          :P:Ins:                   universaalinen
universaalisitta                        :P:Abe:                   universaalinen
universaalisine                         :P:Kom:                   universaalinen
universaalistun                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          universaalistua
universaalistut                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistuu                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistumme                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistutte                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistuvat                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistutaan                      :Ind:Pre:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuta                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalistuin                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          universaalistua
universaalistuit                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistui                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistuimme                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistuitte                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistuivat                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttiin                     :Ind:Imp:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalistunen                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          universaalistua
universaalistunet                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistunee                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistunemme                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistunette                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistunevat                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttaneen                   :Pot:Pre:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttane                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalistuisin                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          universaalistua
universaalistuisit                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistuisimme                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistuisitte                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistuisivat                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttaisiin                  :Con:Pre:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttaisi                    :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalistu                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistukoon                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistukaamme                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistukaa                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistukoot                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttakoon                   :Imp:Pre:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistu                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuko                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuko                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuko                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuko                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttako                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistua                         :Inf1:                    universaalistua
universaalistuakseen                    :Inf1:L:                  universaalistua
universaalistuessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            universaalistua
universaalistuttaessa                   :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            universaalistua
universaalistuen                        :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            universaalistua
universaalistumassa                     :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            universaalistua
universaalistumasta                     :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            universaalistua
universaalistumaan                      :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            universaalistua
universaalistumalla                     :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            universaalistua
universaalistumatta                     :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            universaalistua
universaalistuman                       :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            universaalistua
universaalistuttaman                    :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            universaalistua
universaalistuminen                     :Inf4:Nom:                universaalistua
universaalistumista                     :Inf4:Par:                universaalistua
universaalistumaisillaan                :Inf5:                    universaalistua
universaalistuva                        :Cip:Pre:Akt:             universaalistua
universaalistuttava                     :Cip:Pre:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Cip:Per:Akt:             universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Cip:Per:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistuma                        :Cip:Age:                 universaalistua
universaalistumaton                     :Cip:Age:Neg:             universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Ind:Per:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Ind:Plp:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Con:Per:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Pot:Per:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Imp:Per:Pas:             universaalistua
universaalistunut                       :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuneet                      :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      universaalistua
universaalistuttu                       :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         universaalistua
universaalitiede                        :S:Nom:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteen                      :S:Gen:                   universaalitiede
universaalitiedettä                     :S:Par:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteessä                    :S:Ine:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteestä                    :S:Ela:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteeseen                   :S:Ill:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteellä                    :S:Ade:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteeltä                    :S:Abl:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteelle                    :S:All:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteenä                     :S:Ess:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteeksi                    :S:Tra:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteettä                    :S:Abe:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteet                      :P:Nom:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteiden                    :P:Gen:                   universaalitiede
universaalitiedeitten                   :P:Gen:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteitä                     :P:Par:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteissä                    :P:Ine:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteistä                    :P:Ela:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteisiin                   :P:Ill:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteihin                    :P:Ill:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteillä                    :P:Ade:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteiltä                    :P:Abl:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteille                    :P:All:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteinä                     :P:Ess:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteiksi                    :P:Tra:                   universaalitiede
universaalitietein                      :P:Ins:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteittä                    :P:Abe:                   universaalitiede
universaalitieteine                     :P:Kom:                   universaalitiede
universiadi                             :S:Nom:                   universiadit
universiadin                            :S:Gen:                   universiadit
universiadia                            :S:Par:                   universiadit
universiadissa                          :S:Ine:                   universiadit
universiadista                          :S:Ela:                   universiadit
universiadiin                           :S:Ill:                   universiadit
universiadilla                          :S:Ade:                   universiadit
universiadilta                          :S:Abl:                   universiadit
universiadille                          :S:All:                   universiadit
universiadina                           :S:Ess:                   universiadit
universiadiksi                          :S:Tra:                   universiadit
universiaditta                          :S:Abe:                   universiadit
universiadit                            :P:Nom:                   universiadit
universiadien                           :P:Gen:                   universiadit
universiadeja                           :P:Par:                   universiadit
universiadeissa                         :P:Ine:                   universiadit
universiadeista                         :P:Ela:                   universiadit
universiadeihin                         :P:Ill:                   universiadit
universiadeilla                         :P:Ade:                   universiadit
universiadeilta                         :P:Abl:                   universiadit
universiadeille                         :P:All:                   universiadit
universiadeina                          :P:Ess:                   universiadit
universiadeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   universiadit
universiadein                           :P:Ins:                   universiadit
universiadeitta                         :P:Abe:                   universiadit
universiadeine                          :P:Kom:                   universiadit
universumi                              :S:Nom:                   universumi
universumin                             :S:Gen:                   universumi
universumia                             :S:Par:                   universumi
universumissa                           :S:Ine:                   universumi
universumista                           :S:Ela:                   universumi
universumiin                            :S:Ill:                   universumi
universumilla                           :S:Ade:                   universumi
universumilta                           :S:Abl:                   universumi
universumille                           :S:All:                   universumi
universumina                            :S:Ess:                   universumi
universumiksi                           :S:Tra:                   universumi
universumitta                           :S:Abe:                   universumi
universumit                             :P:Nom:                   universumi
universumien                            :P:Gen:                   universumi
universumeiden                          :P:Gen:                   universumi
universumeitten                         :P:Gen:                   universumi
universumeja                            :P:Par:                   universumi
universumeita                           :P:Par:                   universumi
universumeissa                          :P:Ine:                   universumi
universumeista                          :P:Ela:                   universumi
universumeihin                          :P:Ill:                   universumi
universumeilla                          :P:Ade:                   universumi
universumeilta                          :P:Abl:                   universumi
universumeille                          :P:All:                   universumi
universumeina                           :P:Ess:                   universumi
universumeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   universumi
universumein                            :P:Ins:                   universumi
universumeitta                          :P:Abe:                   universumi
universumeine                           :P:Kom:                   universumi
univormu                                :S:Nom:                   univormu
univormun                               :S:Gen:                   univormu
univormua                               :S:Par:                   univormu
univormussa                             :S:Ine:                   univormu
univormusta                             :S:Ela:                   univormu
univormuun                              :S:Ill:                   univormu
univormulla                             :S:Ade:                   univormu
univormulta                             :S:Abl:                   univormu
univormulle                             :S:All:                   univormu
univormuna                              :S:Ess:                   univormu
univormuksi                             :S:Tra:                   univormu
univormutta                             :S:Abe:                   univormu
univormut                               :P:Nom:                   univormu
univormujen                             :P:Gen:                   univormu
univormuja                              :P:Par:                   univormu
univormuissa                            :P:Ine:                   univormu
univormuista                            :P:Ela:                   univormu
univormuihin                            :P:Ill:                   univormu
univormuilla                            :P:Ade:                   univormu
univormuilta                            :P:Abl:                   univormu
univormuille                            :P:All:                   univormu
univormuina                             :P:Ess:                   univormu
univormuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   univormu
univormuin                              :P:Ins:                   univormu
univormuitta                            :P:Abe:                   univormu
univormuine                             :P:Kom:                   univormu
univormupukuinen                        :S:Nom:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisen                        :S:Gen:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuista                        :S:Par:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisessa                      :S:Ine:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisesta                      :S:Ela:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuiseen                       :S:Ill:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisella                      :S:Ade:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuiselta                      :S:Abl:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuiselle                      :S:All:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisena                       :S:Ess:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisetta                      :S:Abe:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuiset                        :P:Nom:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisten                       :P:Gen:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisin                        :P:Gen:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisia                        :P:Par:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisissa                      :P:Ine:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisista                      :P:Ela:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisiin                       :P:Ill:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisilla                      :P:Ade:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisilta                      :P:Abl:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisille                      :P:All:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisina                       :P:Ess:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisin                        :P:Ins:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisitta                      :P:Abe:                   univormupukuinen
univormupukuisine                       :P:Kom:                   univormupukuinen
unkari                                  :S:Nom:                   unkari
unkarin                                 :S:Gen:                   unkari
unkaria                                 :S:Par:                   unkari
unkarissa                               :S:Ine:                   unkari
unkarista                               :S:Ela:                   unkari
unkariin                                :S:Ill:                   unkari
unkarilla                               :S:Ade:                   unkari
unkarilta                               :S:Abl:                   unkari
unkarille                               :S:All:                   unkari
unkarina                                :S:Ess:                   unkari
unkariksi                               :S:Tra:                   unkari
unkaritta                               :S:Abe:                   unkari
unkarit                                 :P:Nom:                   unkari
unkarien                                :P:Gen:                   unkari
unkareiden                              :P:Gen:                   unkari
unkareitten                             :P:Gen:                   unkari
unkareja                                :P:Par:                   unkari
unkareita                               :P:Par:                   unkari
unkareissa                              :P:Ine:                   unkari
unkareista                              :P:Ela:                   unkari
unkareihin                              :P:Ill:                   unkari
unkareilla                              :P:Ade:                   unkari
unkareilta                              :P:Abl:                   unkari
unkareille                              :P:All:                   unkari
unkareina                               :P:Ess:                   unkari
unkareiksi                              :P:Tra:                   unkari
unkarein                                :P:Ins:                   unkari
unkareitta                              :P:Abe:                   unkari
unkareine                               :P:Kom:                   unkari
unkarilainen                            :S:Nom:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisen                            :S:Gen:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaista                            :S:Par:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisella                          :S:Ade:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaiselle                          :S:All:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisena                           :S:Ess:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaiset                            :P:Nom:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisten                           :P:Gen:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisin                            :P:Gen:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisia                            :P:Par:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisista                          :P:Ela:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisille                          :P:All:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisina                           :P:Ess:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisin                            :P:Ins:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   unkarilainen
unkarilaisine                           :P:Kom:                   unkarilainen
unkarin kieli                           :S:Nom:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielen                          :S:Gen:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieltä                          :S:Par:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielessä                        :S:Ine:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielestä                        :S:Ela:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieleen                         :S:Ill:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielellä                        :S:Ade:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieleltä                        :S:Abl:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielelle                        :S:All:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielenä                         :S:Ess:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieleksi                        :S:Tra:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielettä                        :S:Abe:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielet                          :P:Nom:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielten                         :P:Gen:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielien                         :P:Gen:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieliä                          :P:Par:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielissä                        :P:Ine:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielistä                        :P:Ela:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieliin                         :P:Ill:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielillä                        :P:Ade:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieliltä                        :P:Abl:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielille                        :P:All:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielinä                         :P:Ess:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieliksi                        :P:Tra:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielin                          :P:Ins:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kielittä                        :P:Abe:                   unkarin kieli
unkarin kieline                         :P:Kom:                   unkarin kieli
unkarinkielinen                         :S:Nom:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisen                         :S:Gen:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielistä                         :S:Par:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisessä                       :S:Ine:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisestä                       :S:Ela:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkieliseen                        :S:Ill:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisellä                       :S:Ade:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkieliseltä                       :S:Abl:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkieliselle                       :S:All:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisenä                        :S:Ess:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkieliseksi                       :S:Tra:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisettä                       :S:Abe:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkieliset                         :P:Nom:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisten                        :P:Gen:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisin                         :P:Gen:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisiä                         :P:Par:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisissä                       :P:Ine:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisistä                       :P:Ela:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisiin                        :P:Ill:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisillä                       :P:Ade:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisille                       :P:All:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisinä                        :P:Ess:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisin                         :P:Ins:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisittä                       :P:Abe:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinkielisine                        :P:Kom:                   unkarinkielinen
unkarinnos                              :S:Nom:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksen                           :S:Gen:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnosta                            :S:Par:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksessa                         :S:Ine:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksesta                         :S:Ela:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnokseen                          :S:Ill:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksella                         :S:Ade:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnokselta                         :S:Abl:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnokselle                         :S:All:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksena                          :S:Ess:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnokseksi                         :S:Tra:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksetta                         :S:Abe:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnokset                           :P:Nom:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnosten                           :P:Gen:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksien                          :P:Gen:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksia                           :P:Par:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksissa                         :P:Ine:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksista                         :P:Ela:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksiin                          :P:Ill:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksilla                         :P:Ade:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksilta                         :P:Abl:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksille                         :P:All:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksina                          :P:Ess:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksin                           :P:Ins:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksitta                         :P:Abe:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnoksine                          :P:Kom:                   unkarinnos
unkarinnan                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unkarintaa
unkarinnat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarintaa                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnamme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarinnatte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarintavat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnetaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarinna                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinna                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinna                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinna                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinna                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinna                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinneta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unkarinsin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unkarintaa
unkarinsit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarinsi                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarinsimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarinsitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarinsivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unkarintanen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unkarintaa
unkarintanet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarintanee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarintanemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarintanette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarintanevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintane                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unkarintaisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unkarintaa
unkarintaisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarintaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarintaisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarintaisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarintaisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unkarinna                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarintakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarintakaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarintakaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarintakoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarinna                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintako                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintaa                              :Inf1:                    unkarintaa
unkarintaakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  unkarintaa
unkarintaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unkarintaa
unkarinnettaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unkarintaa
unkarintaen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unkarintaa
unkarintamassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unkarintaa
unkarintamasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unkarintaa
unkarintamaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unkarintaa
unkarintamalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unkarintaa
unkarintamatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unkarintaa
unkarintaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unkarintaa
unkarinnettaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unkarintaa
unkarintaminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                unkarintaa
unkarintamista                          :Inf4:Par:                unkarintaa
unkarintamaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    unkarintaa
unkarintava                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unkarintaa
unkarinnettava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintama                             :Cip:Age:                 unkarintaa
unkarintamaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             unkarintaa
unkarintanut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarintaneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unkarintaa
unkarinnettu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unkarintaa
unohtelen                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohdella
unohtelet                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohtelee                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohtelemme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohtelette                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohtelevat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdellaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unohdella
unohtele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohdella
unohtele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohtele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohtele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohtele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohtele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdella                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohtelin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unohdella
unohtelit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohteli                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohtelimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohtelitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohtelivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohdellen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohdella
unohdellet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohdellee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohdellemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohdellette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohdellevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unohdella
unohdelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohtelisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohdella
unohtelisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohtelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohtelisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohtelisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohtelisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             unohdella
unohtelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohdella
unohtelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohtelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohtelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohtelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohtelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohtele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohdelkoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohdelkaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohdelkaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohdelkoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unohdella
unohtele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unohdella
unohdella                               :Inf1:                    unohdella
unohdellakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  unohdella
unohdellessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unohdella
unohdeltaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unohdella
unohdellen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unohdella
unohtelemassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unohdella
unohtelemasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unohdella
unohtelemaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unohdella
unohtelemalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unohdella
unohtelematta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unohdella
unohteleman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unohdella
unohdeltaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unohdella
unohteleminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                unohdella
unohtelemista                           :Inf4:Par:                unohdella
unohtelemaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    unohdella
unohteleva                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unohdella
unohdeltava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unohdella
unohdellut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             unohdella
unohtelema                              :Cip:Age:                 unohdella
unohtelematon                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohdellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unohdella
unohdellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohdellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             unohdella
unohdellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohdellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unohdella
unohdellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unohdella
unohdellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             unohdella
unohdellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohdellut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             unohdella
unohdellut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdelleet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohdella
unohdeltu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohdella
unohdus                                 :S:Nom:                   unohdus
unohduksen                              :S:Gen:                   unohdus
unohdusta                               :S:Par:                   unohdus
unohduksessa                            :S:Ine:                   unohdus
unohduksesta                            :S:Ela:                   unohdus
unohdukseen                             :S:Ill:                   unohdus
unohduksella                            :S:Ade:                   unohdus
unohdukselta                            :S:Abl:                   unohdus
unohdukselle                            :S:All:                   unohdus
unohduksena                             :S:Ess:                   unohdus
unohdukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   unohdus
unohduksetta                            :S:Abe:                   unohdus
unohdukset                              :P:Nom:                   unohdus
unohdusten                              :P:Gen:                   unohdus
unohduksien                             :P:Gen:                   unohdus
unohduksia                              :P:Par:                   unohdus
unohduksissa                            :P:Ine:                   unohdus
unohduksista                            :P:Ela:                   unohdus
unohduksiin                             :P:Ill:                   unohdus
unohduksilla                            :P:Ade:                   unohdus
unohduksilta                            :P:Abl:                   unohdus
unohduksille                            :P:All:                   unohdus
unohduksina                             :P:Ess:                   unohdus
unohduksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   unohdus
unohduksin                              :P:Ins:                   unohdus
unohduksitta                            :P:Abe:                   unohdus
unohduksine                             :P:Kom:                   unohdus
unohdan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohtaa
unohdat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohtaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohdamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohdatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unohtaa
unohda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdeta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohdin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unohtaa
unohdit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohdimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohditte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohtanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohtaa
unohtanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohtanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohtanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohtanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohtaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohtaa
unohtaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohtaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohtaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohda                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohtakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohtakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohtakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unohtaa
unohda                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtaa                                 :Inf1:                    unohtaa
unohtaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  unohtaa
unohtaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unohtaa
unohdettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unohtaa
unohtaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unohtaa
unohtamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unohtaa
unohtamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unohtaa
unohtamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unohtaa
unohtamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unohtaa
unohtamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unohtaa
unohtaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unohtaa
unohdettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unohtaa
unohtaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                unohtaa
unohtamista                             :Inf4:Par:                unohtaa
unohtamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    unohtaa
unohtava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unohtaa
unohdettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtama                                :Cip:Age:                 unohtaa
unohtamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             unohtaa
unohtanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohtaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtaa
unohdettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohtaa
unohtavainen                            :S:Nom:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisen                            :S:Gen:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaista                            :S:Par:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisella                          :S:Ade:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaiselle                          :S:All:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisena                           :S:Ess:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaiset                            :P:Nom:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisten                           :P:Gen:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisin                            :P:Gen:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisia                            :P:Par:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisista                          :P:Ela:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisille                          :P:All:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisina                           :P:Ess:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisin                            :P:Ins:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisine                           :P:Kom:                   unohtavainen
unohtavaisuus                           :S:Nom:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuutta                         :S:Par:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuudelle                       :S:All:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksille                      :P:All:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtavaisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   unohtavaisuus
unohtelu                                :S:Nom:                   unohtelu
unohtelun                               :S:Gen:                   unohtelu
unohtelua                               :S:Par:                   unohtelu
unohtelussa                             :S:Ine:                   unohtelu
unohtelusta                             :S:Ela:                   unohtelu
unohteluun                              :S:Ill:                   unohtelu
unohtelulla                             :S:Ade:                   unohtelu
unohtelulta                             :S:Abl:                   unohtelu
unohtelulle                             :S:All:                   unohtelu
unohteluna                              :S:Ess:                   unohtelu
unohteluksi                             :S:Tra:                   unohtelu
unohtelutta                             :S:Abe:                   unohtelu
unohtelut                               :P:Nom:                   unohtelu
unohtelujen                             :P:Gen:                   unohtelu
unohteluiden                            :P:Gen:                   unohtelu
unohteluitten                           :P:Gen:                   unohtelu
unohteluja                              :P:Par:                   unohtelu
unohteluita                             :P:Par:                   unohtelu
unohteluissa                            :P:Ine:                   unohtelu
unohteluista                            :P:Ela:                   unohtelu
unohteluihin                            :P:Ill:                   unohtelu
unohteluilla                            :P:Ade:                   unohtelu
unohteluilta                            :P:Abl:                   unohtelu
unohteluille                            :P:All:                   unohtelu
unohteluina                             :P:Ess:                   unohtelu
unohteluiksi                            :P:Tra:                   unohtelu
unohteluin                              :P:Ins:                   unohtelu
unohteluitta                            :P:Abe:                   unohtelu
unohteluine                             :P:Kom:                   unohtelu
unohdun                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohtua
unohdut                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtuu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohdumme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohdutte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtuvat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohdutaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             unohtua
unohdu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtua
unohdu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohdu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohdu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohdu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohdu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohduin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          unohtua
unohduit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtui                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohduimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohduitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtuivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohtunen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohtua
unohtunet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtunee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohtunemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohtunette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtunevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             unohtua
unohtune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohtuisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          unohtua
unohtuisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohtuisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohtuisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtuisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             unohtua
unohtuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohdu                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtukoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohtukaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohtukaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtukoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unohtua
unohdu                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             unohtua
unohtua                                 :Inf1:                    unohtua
unohtuakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  unohtua
unohtuessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            unohtua
unohduttaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            unohtua
unohtuen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            unohtua
unohtumassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            unohtua
unohtumasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            unohtua
unohtumaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            unohtua
unohtumalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            unohtua
unohtumatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            unohtua
unohtuman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            unohtua
unohduttaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            unohtua
unohtuminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                unohtua
unohtumista                             :Inf4:Par:                unohtua
unohtumaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    unohtua
unohtuva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             unohtua
unohduttava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             unohtua
unohtunut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             unohtua
unohduttu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             unohtua
unohtuma                                :Cip:Age:                 unohtua
unohtumaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohtunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          unohtua
unohtunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             unohtua
unohtunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohtunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          unohtua
unohtunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          unohtua
unohtunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             unohtua
unohtunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohtunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          unohtua
unohduttu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             unohtua
unohtunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      unohtua
unohtuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      unohtua
unohduttu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         unohtua
unohtumaton                             :S:Nom:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattoman                          :S:Gen:                   unohtumaton
unohtumatonta                           :S:Par:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomassa                        :S:Ine:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomasta                        :S:Ela:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomaan                         :S:Ill:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomalla                        :S:Ade:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomalta                        :S:Abl:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomalle                        :S:All:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomana                         :S:Ess:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomaksi                        :S:Tra:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomatta                        :S:Abe:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomat                          :P:Nom:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomien                         :P:Gen:                   unohtumaton
unohtumatonten                          :P:Gen:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomia                          :P:Par:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomissa                        :P:Ine:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomista                        :P:Ela:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomiin                         :P:Ill:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomilla                        :P:Ade:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomilta                        :P:Abl:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomille                        :P:All:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomina                         :P:Ess:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomiksi                        :P:Tra:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomin                          :P:Ins:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomitta                        :P:Abe:                   unohtumaton
unohtumattomine                         :P:Kom:                   unohtumaton
unssi                                   :S:Nom:                   unssi
unssin                                  :S:Gen:                   unssi
unssia                                  :S:Par:                   unssi
unssissa                                :S:Ine:                   unssi
unssista                                :S:Ela:                   unssi
unssiin                                 :S:Ill:                   unssi
unssilla                                :S:Ade:                   unssi
unssilta                                :S:Abl:                   unssi
unssille                                :S:All:                   unssi
unssina                                 :S:Ess:                   unssi
unssiksi                                :S:Tra:                   unssi
unssitta                                :S:Abe:                   unssi
unssit                                  :P:Nom:                   unssi
unssien                                 :P:Gen:                   unssi
unsseja                                 :P:Par:                   unssi
unsseissa                               :P:Ine:                   unssi
unsseista                               :P:Ela:                   unssi
unsseihin                               :P:Ill:                   unssi
unsseilla                               :P:Ade:                   unssi
unsseilta                               :P:Abl:                   unssi
unsseille                               :P:All:                   unssi
unsseina                                :P:Ess:                   unssi
unsseiksi                               :P:Tra:                   unssi
unssein                                 :P:Ins:                   unssi
unsseitta                               :P:Abe:                   unssi
unsseine                                :P:Kom:                   unssi
untuva                                  :S:Nom:                   untuva
untuvan                                 :S:Gen:                   untuva
untuvaa                                 :S:Par:                   untuva
untuvassa                               :S:Ine:                   untuva
untuvasta                               :S:Ela:                   untuva
untuvaan                                :S:Ill:                   untuva
untuvalla                               :S:Ade:                   untuva
untuvalta                               :S:Abl:                   untuva
untuvalle                               :S:All:                   untuva
untuvana                                :S:Ess:                   untuva
untuvaksi                               :S:Tra:                   untuva
untuvatta                               :S:Abe:                   untuva
untuvat                                 :P:Nom:                   untuva
untuvien                                :P:Gen:                   untuva
untuvain                                :P:Gen:                   untuva
untuvia                                 :P:Par:                   untuva
untuvissa                               :P:Ine:                   untuva
untuvista                               :P:Ela:                   untuva
untuviin                                :P:Ill:                   untuva
untuvilla                               :P:Ade:                   untuva
untuvilta                               :P:Abl:                   untuva
untuville                               :P:All:                   untuva
untuvina                                :P:Ess:                   untuva
untuviksi                               :P:Tra:                   untuva
untuvin                                 :P:Ins:                   untuva
untuvitta                               :P:Abe:                   untuva
untuvine                                :P:Kom:                   untuva
untuvainen                              :S:Nom:                   untuvainen
untuvaisen                              :S:Gen:                   untuvainen
untuvaista                              :S:Par:                   untuvainen
untuvaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   untuvainen
untuvaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   untuvainen
untuvaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   untuvainen
untuvaisella                            :S:Ade:                   untuvainen
untuvaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   untuvainen
untuvaiselle                            :S:All:                   untuvainen
untuvaisena                             :S:Ess:                   untuvainen
untuvaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   untuvainen
untuvaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   untuvainen
untuvaiset                              :P:Nom:                   untuvainen
untuvaisten                             :P:Gen:                   untuvainen
untuvaisin                              :P:Gen:                   untuvainen
untuvaisia                              :P:Par:                   untuvainen
untuvaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   untuvainen
untuvaisista                            :P:Ela:                   untuvainen
untuvaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   untuvainen
untuvaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   untuvainen
untuvaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   untuvainen
untuvaisille                            :P:All:                   untuvainen
untuvaisina                             :P:Ess:                   untuvainen
untuvaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   untuvainen
untuvaisin                              :P:Ins:                   untuvainen
untuvaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   untuvainen
untuvaisine                             :P:Kom:                   untuvainen
untuvakangas                            :S:Nom:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaan                           :S:Gen:                   untuvakangas
untuvakangasta                          :S:Par:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaassa                         :S:Ine:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaasta                         :S:Ela:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaaseen                        :S:Ill:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaalla                         :S:Ade:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaalta                         :S:Abl:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaalle                         :S:All:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaana                          :S:Ess:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaaksi                         :S:Tra:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaatta                         :S:Abe:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaat                           :P:Nom:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaiden                         :P:Gen:                   untuvakangas
untuvakangaitten                        :P:Gen:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaita                          :P:Par:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaissa                         :P:Ine:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaista                         :P:Ela:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankailla                         :P:Ade:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankailta                         :P:Abl:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaille                         :P:All:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaina                          :P:Ess:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaiksi                         :P:Tra:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankain                           :P:Ins:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaitta                         :P:Abe:                   untuvakangas
untuvakankaine                          :P:Kom:                   untuvakangas
untuvamakuupussi                        :S:Nom:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussin                       :S:Gen:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussia                       :S:Par:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussissa                     :S:Ine:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussista                     :S:Ela:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussiin                      :S:Ill:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussilla                     :S:Ade:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussilta                     :S:Abl:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussille                     :S:All:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussina                      :S:Ess:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussiksi                     :S:Tra:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussitta                     :S:Abe:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussit                       :P:Nom:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussien                      :P:Gen:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseja                      :P:Par:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseissa                    :P:Ine:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseista                    :P:Ela:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseihin                    :P:Ill:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseilla                    :P:Ade:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseilta                    :P:Abl:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseille                    :P:All:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseina                     :P:Ess:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseiksi                    :P:Tra:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupussein                      :P:Ins:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseitta                    :P:Abe:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvamakuupusseine                     :P:Kom:                   untuvamakuupussi
untuvankevyt                            :S:Nom:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyen                           :S:Gen:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyttä                          :S:Par:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyessä                         :S:Ine:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyestä                         :S:Ela:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyeen                          :S:Ill:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyellä                         :S:Ade:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyeltä                         :S:Abl:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyelle                         :S:All:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyenä                          :S:Ess:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyeksi                         :S:Tra:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyttä                          :S:Abe:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyet                           :P:Nom:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyiden                         :P:Gen:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyitten                        :P:Gen:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyitä                          :P:Par:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyissä                         :P:Ine:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyistä                         :P:Ela:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyisiin                        :P:Ill:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyihin                         :P:Ill:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyillä                         :P:Ade:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyiltä                         :P:Abl:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyille                         :P:All:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyinä                          :P:Ess:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyiksi                         :P:Tra:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyin                           :P:Ins:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyittä                         :P:Abe:                   untuvankevyt
untuvankevyine                          :P:Kom:                   untuvankevyt
untuvanpehmeä                           :S:Nom:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeän                          :S:Gen:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeää                          :S:Par:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeässä                        :S:Ine:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeästä                        :S:Ela:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeään                         :S:Ill:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeällä                        :S:Ade:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeältä                        :S:Abl:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeälle                        :S:All:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeänä                         :S:Ess:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeäksi                        :S:Tra:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeättä                        :S:Abe:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeät                          :P:Nom:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeiden                        :P:Gen:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeitten                       :P:Gen:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeäin                         :P:Gen:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeitä                         :P:Par:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeissä                        :P:Ine:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeistä                        :P:Ela:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeisiin                       :P:Ill:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeihin                        :P:Ill:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeillä                        :P:Ade:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeiltä                        :P:Abl:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeille                        :P:All:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeinä                         :P:Ess:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmein                          :P:Ins:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeittä                        :P:Abe:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmeine                         :P:Kom:                   untuvanpehmeä
untuvanpehmoinen                        :S:Nom:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisen                        :S:Gen:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoista                        :S:Par:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisessa                      :S:Ine:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisesta                      :S:Ela:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoiseen                       :S:Ill:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisella                      :S:Ade:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoiselta                      :S:Abl:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoiselle                      :S:All:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisena                       :S:Ess:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisetta                      :S:Abe:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoiset                        :P:Nom:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisten                       :P:Gen:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisin                        :P:Gen:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisia                        :P:Par:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisissa                      :P:Ine:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisista                      :P:Ela:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisiin                       :P:Ill:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisilla                      :P:Ade:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisilta                      :P:Abl:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisille                      :P:All:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisina                       :P:Ess:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisin                        :P:Ins:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisitta                      :P:Abe:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvanpehmoisine                       :P:Kom:                   untuvanpehmoinen
untuvapallo                             :S:Nom:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallon                            :S:Gen:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloa                            :S:Par:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallossa                          :S:Ine:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallosta                          :S:Ela:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloon                           :S:Ill:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallolla                          :S:Ade:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallolta                          :S:Abl:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallolle                          :S:All:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallona                           :S:Ess:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloksi                          :S:Tra:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallotta                          :S:Abe:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallot                            :P:Nom:                   untuvapallo
untuvapallojen                          :P:Gen:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloja                           :P:Par:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloissa                         :P:Ine:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloista                         :P:Ela:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloihin                         :P:Ill:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloilla                         :P:Ade:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloilta                         :P:Abl:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloille                         :P:All:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloina                          :P:Ess:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloin                           :P:Ins:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloitta                         :P:Abe:                   untuvapallo
untuvapalloine                          :P:Kom:                   untuvapallo
untuvapeite                             :S:Nom:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteen                          :S:Gen:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitettä                          :S:Par:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteessä                        :S:Ine:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteestä                        :S:Ela:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteeseen                       :S:Ill:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteellä                        :S:Ade:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteeltä                        :S:Abl:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteelle                        :S:All:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteenä                         :S:Ess:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteeksi                        :S:Tra:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteettä                        :S:Abe:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteet                          :P:Nom:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteiden                        :P:Gen:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeiteitten                        :P:Gen:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteitä                         :P:Par:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteissä                        :P:Ine:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteistä                        :P:Ela:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteihin                        :P:Ill:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteillä                        :P:Ade:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteiltä                        :P:Abl:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteille                        :P:All:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteinä                         :P:Ess:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeittein                          :P:Ins:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteittä                        :P:Abe:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitteine                         :P:Kom:                   untuvapeite
untuvapeitto                            :S:Nom:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeiton                            :S:Gen:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeittoa                           :S:Par:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitossa                          :S:Ine:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitosta                          :S:Ela:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeittoon                          :S:Ill:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitolla                          :S:Ade:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitolta                          :S:Abl:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitolle                          :S:All:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeittona                          :S:Ess:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoksi                          :S:Tra:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitotta                          :S:Abe:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitot                            :P:Nom:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeittojen                         :P:Gen:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeittoja                          :P:Par:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoissa                         :P:Ine:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoista                         :P:Ela:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeittoihin                        :P:Ill:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoilla                         :P:Ade:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoilta                         :P:Abl:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoille                         :P:All:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeittoina                         :P:Ess:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoin                           :P:Ins:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeitoitta                         :P:Abe:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapeittoine                         :P:Kom:                   untuvapeitto
untuvapilvi                             :S:Nom:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilven                            :S:Gen:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilveä                            :S:Par:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvessä                          :S:Ine:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvestä                          :S:Ela:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilveen                           :S:Ill:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvellä                          :S:Ade:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilveltä                          :S:Abl:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvelle                          :S:All:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvenä                           :S:Ess:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilveksi                          :S:Tra:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvettä                          :S:Abe:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvet                            :P:Nom:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvien                           :P:Gen:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilviä                            :P:Par:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvissä                          :P:Ine:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvistä                          :P:Ela:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilviin                           :P:Ill:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvillä                          :P:Ade:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilviltä                          :P:Abl:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilville                          :P:All:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvinä                           :P:Ess:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilviksi                          :P:Tra:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvin                            :P:Ins:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvittä                          :P:Abe:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapilvine                           :P:Kom:                   untuvapilvi
untuvapusero                            :S:Nom:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseron                           :S:Gen:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroa                           :S:Par:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserossa                         :S:Ine:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserosta                         :S:Ela:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroon                          :S:Ill:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserolla                         :S:Ade:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserolta                         :S:Abl:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserolle                         :S:All:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserona                          :S:Ess:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroksi                         :S:Tra:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserotta                         :S:Abe:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserot                           :P:Nom:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuserojen                         :P:Gen:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroiden                        :P:Gen:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroitten                       :P:Gen:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroja                          :P:Par:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroita                         :P:Par:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroissa                        :P:Ine:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroista                        :P:Ela:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroihin                        :P:Ill:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroilla                        :P:Ade:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroilta                        :P:Abl:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroille                        :P:All:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroina                         :P:Ess:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroiksi                        :P:Tra:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroin                          :P:Ins:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroitta                        :P:Abe:                   untuvapusero
untuvapuseroine                         :P:Kom:                   untuvapusero
untuvapussi                             :S:Nom:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussin                            :S:Gen:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussia                            :S:Par:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussissa                          :S:Ine:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussista                          :S:Ela:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussiin                           :S:Ill:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussilla                          :S:Ade:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussilta                          :S:Abl:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussille                          :S:All:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussina                           :S:Ess:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussiksi                          :S:Tra:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussitta                          :S:Abe:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussit                            :P:Nom:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussien                           :P:Gen:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseja                           :P:Par:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseissa                         :P:Ine:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseista                         :P:Ela:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseihin                         :P:Ill:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseilla                         :P:Ade:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseilta                         :P:Abl:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseille                         :P:All:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseina                          :P:Ess:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseiksi                         :P:Tra:                   untuvapussi
untuvapussein                           :P:Ins:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseitta                         :P:Abe:                   untuvapussi
untuvapusseine                          :P:Kom:                   untuvapussi
untuvatakki                             :S:Nom:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakin                             :S:Gen:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakkia                            :S:Par:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakissa                           :S:Ine:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakista                           :S:Ela:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakkiin                           :S:Ill:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakilla                           :S:Ade:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakilta                           :S:Abl:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakille                           :S:All:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakkina                           :S:Ess:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakiksi                           :S:Tra:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakitta                           :S:Abe:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakit                             :P:Nom:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakkien                           :P:Gen:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakkeja                           :P:Par:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakeissa                          :P:Ine:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakeista                          :P:Ela:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakkeihin                         :P:Ill:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakeilla                          :P:Ade:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakeilta                          :P:Abl:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakeille                          :P:All:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakkeina                          :P:Ess:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakein                            :P:Ins:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakeitta                          :P:Abe:                   untuvatakki
untuvatakkeine                          :P:Kom:                   untuvatakki
untuvatyyny                             :S:Nom:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyn                            :S:Gen:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyä                            :S:Par:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyssä                          :S:Ine:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynystä                          :S:Ela:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyyn                           :S:Ill:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyllä                          :S:Ade:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyltä                          :S:Abl:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynylle                          :S:All:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynynä                           :S:Ess:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyksi                          :S:Tra:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyttä                          :S:Abe:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyt                            :P:Nom:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyjen                          :P:Gen:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyjä                           :P:Par:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyissä                         :P:Ine:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyistä                         :P:Ela:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyihin                         :P:Ill:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyillä                         :P:Ade:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyiltä                         :P:Abl:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyille                         :P:All:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyinä                          :P:Ess:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyiksi                         :P:Tra:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyin                           :P:Ins:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyittä                         :P:Abe:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatyynyine                          :P:Kom:                   untuvatyyny
untuvatäytteinen                        :S:Nom:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisen                        :S:Gen:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteistä                        :S:Par:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisessä                      :S:Ine:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisestä                      :S:Ela:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteiseen                       :S:Ill:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisellä                      :S:Ade:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteiseltä                      :S:Abl:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteiselle                      :S:All:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisenä                       :S:Ess:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisettä                      :S:Abe:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteiset                        :P:Nom:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisten                       :P:Gen:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisin                        :P:Gen:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisiä                        :P:Par:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisissä                      :P:Ine:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisistä                      :P:Ela:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisillä                      :P:Ade:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisiltä                      :P:Abl:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisille                      :P:All:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisinä                       :P:Ess:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisin                        :P:Ins:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisittä                      :P:Abe:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvatäytteisine                       :P:Kom:                   untuvatäytteinen
untuvikko                               :S:Nom:                   untuvikko
untuvikon                               :S:Gen:                   untuvikko
untuvikkoa                              :S:Par:                   untuvikko
untuvikossa                             :S:Ine:                   untuvikko
untuvikosta                             :S:Ela:                   untuvikko
untuvikkoon                             :S:Ill:                   untuvikko
untuvikolla                             :S:Ade:                   untuvikko
untuvikolta                             :S:Abl:                   untuvikko
untuvikolle                             :S:All:                   untuvikko
untuvikkona                             :S:Ess:                   untuvikko
untuvikoksi                             :S:Tra:                   untuvikko
untuvikotta                             :S:Abe:                   untuvikko
untuvikot                               :P:Nom:                   untuvikko
untuvikkojen                            :P:Gen:                   untuvikko
untuvikkoja                             :P:Par:                   untuvikko
untuvikoissa                            :P:Ine:                   untuvikko
untuvikoista                            :P:Ela:                   untuvikko
untuvikkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   untuvikko
untuvikoilla                            :P:Ade:                   untuvikko
untuvikoilta                            :P:Abl:                   untuvikko
untuvikoille                            :P:All:                   untuvikko
untuvikkoina                            :P:Ess:                   untuvikko
untuvikoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   untuvikko
untuvikoin                              :P:Ins:                   untuvikko
untuvikoitta                            :P:Abe:                   untuvikko
untuvikkoine                            :P:Kom:                   untuvikko
uoma                                    :S:Nom:                   uoma
uoman                                   :S:Gen:                   uoma
uomaa                                   :S:Par:                   uoma
uomassa                                 :S:Ine:                   uoma
uomasta                                 :S:Ela:                   uoma
uomaan                                  :S:Ill:                   uoma
uomalla                                 :S:Ade:                   uoma
uomalta                                 :S:Abl:                   uoma
uomalle                                 :S:All:                   uoma
uomana                                  :S:Ess:                   uoma
uomaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uoma
uomatta                                 :S:Abe:                   uoma
uomat                                   :P:Nom:                   uoma
uomien                                  :P:Gen:                   uoma
uomain                                  :P:Gen:                   uoma
uomia                                   :P:Par:                   uoma
uomissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uoma
uomista                                 :P:Ela:                   uoma
uomiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uoma
uomilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uoma
uomilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uoma
uomille                                 :P:All:                   uoma
uomina                                  :P:Ess:                   uoma
uomiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uoma
uomin                                   :P:Ins:                   uoma
uomitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uoma
uomine                                  :P:Kom:                   uoma
U-palkki                                :S:Nom:                   U-palkki
U-palkin                                :S:Gen:                   U-palkki
U-palkkia                               :S:Par:                   U-palkki
U-palkissa                              :S:Ine:                   U-palkki
U-palkista                              :S:Ela:                   U-palkki
U-palkkiin                              :S:Ill:                   U-palkki
U-palkilla                              :S:Ade:                   U-palkki
U-palkilta                              :S:Abl:                   U-palkki
U-palkille                              :S:All:                   U-palkki
U-palkkina                              :S:Ess:                   U-palkki
U-palkiksi                              :S:Tra:                   U-palkki
U-palkitta                              :S:Abe:                   U-palkki
U-palkit                                :P:Nom:                   U-palkki
U-palkkien                              :P:Gen:                   U-palkki
U-palkkeja                              :P:Par:                   U-palkki
U-palkeissa                             :P:Ine:                   U-palkki
U-palkeista                             :P:Ela:                   U-palkki
U-palkkeihin                            :P:Ill:                   U-palkki
U-palkeilla                             :P:Ade:                   U-palkki
U-palkeilta                             :P:Abl:                   U-palkki
U-palkeille                             :P:All:                   U-palkki
U-palkkeina                             :P:Ess:                   U-palkki
U-palkeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   U-palkki
U-palkein                               :P:Ins:                   U-palkki
U-palkeitta                             :P:Abe:                   U-palkki
U-palkkeine                             :P:Kom:                   U-palkki
upea                                    :S:Nom:                   upea
upean                                   :S:Gen:                   upea
upeaa                                   :S:Par:                   upea
upeassa                                 :S:Ine:                   upea
upeasta                                 :S:Ela:                   upea
upeaan                                  :S:Ill:                   upea
upealla                                 :S:Ade:                   upea
upealta                                 :S:Abl:                   upea
upealle                                 :S:All:                   upea
upeana                                  :S:Ess:                   upea
upeaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   upea
upeatta                                 :S:Abe:                   upea
upeat                                   :P:Nom:                   upea
upeiden                                 :P:Gen:                   upea
upeitten                                :P:Gen:                   upea
upeain                                  :P:Gen:                   upea
upeita                                  :P:Par:                   upea
upeissa                                 :P:Ine:                   upea
upeista                                 :P:Ela:                   upea
upeisiin                                :P:Ill:                   upea
upeihin                                 :P:Ill:                   upea
upeilla                                 :P:Ade:                   upea
upeilta                                 :P:Abl:                   upea
upeille                                 :P:All:                   upea
upeina                                  :P:Ess:                   upea
upeiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   upea
upein                                   :P:Ins:                   upea
upeitta                                 :P:Abe:                   upea
upeine                                  :P:Kom:                   upea
upeus                                   :S:Nom:                   upeus
upeuden                                 :S:Gen:                   upeus
upeutta                                 :S:Par:                   upeus
upeudessa                               :S:Ine:                   upeus
upeudesta                               :S:Ela:                   upeus
upeuteen                                :S:Ill:                   upeus
upeudella                               :S:Ade:                   upeus
upeudelta                               :S:Abl:                   upeus
upeudelle                               :S:All:                   upeus
upeutena                                :S:Ess:                   upeus
upeudeksi                               :S:Tra:                   upeus
upeutta                                 :S:Abe:                   upeus
upeudet                                 :P:Nom:                   upeus
upeuksien                               :P:Gen:                   upeus
upeuksia                                :P:Par:                   upeus
upeuksissa                              :P:Ine:                   upeus
upeuksista                              :P:Ela:                   upeus
upeuksiin                               :P:Ill:                   upeus
upeuksilla                              :P:Ade:                   upeus
upeuksilta                              :P:Abl:                   upeus
upeuksille                              :P:All:                   upeus
upeuksina                               :P:Ess:                   upeus
upeuksiksi                              :P:Tra:                   upeus
upeuksin                                :P:Ins:                   upeus
upeuksitta                              :P:Abe:                   upeus
upeuksine                               :P:Kom:                   upeus
upokas                                  :S:Nom:                   upokas
upokkaan                                :S:Gen:                   upokas
upokasta                                :S:Par:                   upokas
upokkaassa                              :S:Ine:                   upokas
upokkaasta                              :S:Ela:                   upokas
upokkaaseen                             :S:Ill:                   upokas
upokkaalla                              :S:Ade:                   upokas
upokkaalta                              :S:Abl:                   upokas
upokkaalle                              :S:All:                   upokas
upokkaana                               :S:Ess:                   upokas
upokkaaksi                              :S:Tra:                   upokas
upokkaatta                              :S:Abe:                   upokas
upokkaat                                :P:Nom:                   upokas
upokkaiden                              :P:Gen:                   upokas
upokaitten                              :P:Gen:                   upokas
upokkaita                               :P:Par:                   upokas
upokkaissa                              :P:Ine:                   upokas
upokkaista                              :P:Ela:                   upokas
upokkaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   upokas
upokkailla                              :P:Ade:                   upokas
upokkailta                              :P:Abl:                   upokas
upokkaille                              :P:All:                   upokas
upokkaina                               :P:Ess:                   upokas
upokkaiksi                              :P:Tra:                   upokas
upokkain                                :P:Ins:                   upokas
upokkaitta                              :P:Abe:                   upokas
upokkaine                               :P:Kom:                   upokas
uposkasvi                               :S:Nom:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvin                              :S:Gen:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvia                              :S:Par:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvissa                            :S:Ine:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvista                            :S:Ela:                   uposkasvi
uposkasviin                             :S:Ill:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvilla                            :S:Ade:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvilta                            :S:Abl:                   uposkasvi
uposkasville                            :S:All:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvina                             :S:Ess:                   uposkasvi
uposkasviksi                            :S:Tra:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvitta                            :S:Abe:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvit                              :P:Nom:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvien                             :P:Gen:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveja                             :P:Par:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveissa                           :P:Ine:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveista                           :P:Ela:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveihin                           :P:Ill:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveilla                           :P:Ade:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveilta                           :P:Abl:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveille                           :P:All:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveina                            :P:Ess:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uposkasvi
uposkasvein                             :P:Ins:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveitta                           :P:Abe:                   uposkasvi
uposkasveine                            :P:Kom:                   uposkasvi
uposlehti                               :S:Nom:                   uposlehti
uposlehden                              :S:Gen:                   uposlehti
uposlehteä                              :S:Par:                   uposlehti
uposlehdessä                            :S:Ine:                   uposlehti
uposlehdestä                            :S:Ela:                   uposlehti
uposlehteen                             :S:Ill:                   uposlehti
uposlehdellä                            :S:Ade:                   uposlehti
uposlehdeltä                            :S:Abl:                   uposlehti
uposlehdelle                            :S:All:                   uposlehti
uposlehtenä                             :S:Ess:                   uposlehti
uposlehdeksi                            :S:Tra:                   uposlehti
uposlehdettä                            :S:Abe:                   uposlehti
uposlehdet                              :P:Nom:                   uposlehti
uposlehtien                             :P:Gen:                   uposlehti
uposlehtiä                              :P:Par:                   uposlehti
uposlehdissä                            :P:Ine:                   uposlehti
uposlehdistä                            :P:Ela:                   uposlehti
uposlehtiin                             :P:Ill:                   uposlehti
uposlehdillä                            :P:Ade:                   uposlehti
uposlehdiltä                            :P:Abl:                   uposlehti
uposlehdille                            :P:All:                   uposlehti
uposlehtinä                             :P:Ess:                   uposlehti
uposlehdiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uposlehti
uposlehdin                              :P:Ins:                   uposlehti
uposlehdittä                            :P:Abe:                   uposlehti
uposlehtine                             :P:Kom:                   uposlehti
uposlehtinen                            :S:Nom:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisen                            :S:Gen:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtistä                            :S:Par:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisessä                          :S:Ine:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisestä                          :S:Ela:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtiseen                           :S:Ill:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisellä                          :S:Ade:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtiselle                          :S:All:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisenä                           :S:Ess:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisettä                          :S:Abe:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtiset                            :P:Nom:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisten                           :P:Gen:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisin                            :P:Gen:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisiä                            :P:Par:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisissä                          :P:Ine:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisistä                          :P:Ela:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisiin                           :P:Ill:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisillä                          :P:Ade:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisille                          :P:All:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisinä                           :P:Ess:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisin                            :P:Ins:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisittä                          :P:Abe:                   uposlehtinen
uposlehtisine                           :P:Kom:                   uposlehtinen
uppoan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          upota
uppoat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          upota
uppoaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          upota
uppoamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          upota
uppoatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          upota
uppoavat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          upota
upotaan                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:             upota
uppoa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uppoa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uppoa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uppoa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uppoa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uppoa                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upota                                   :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upota
upposin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          upota
upposit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          upota
upposi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          upota
upposimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          upota
uppositte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          upota
upposivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          upota
upottiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottu                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         upota
uponnen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          upota
uponnet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          upota
uponnee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          upota
uponnemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          upota
uponnette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          upota
uponnevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          upota
upottaneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             upota
uppone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uppone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uppone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uppone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uppone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uppone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottane                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upota
uppoaisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          upota
uppoisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          upota
uppoaisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          upota
uppoisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          upota
uppoaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          upota
uppoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          upota
uppoaisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          upota
uppoisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          upota
uppoaisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          upota
uppoisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          upota
uppoaisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          upota
uppoisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          upota
upottaisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             upota
uppoaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uppoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uppoaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uppoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uppoaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uppoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uppoaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uppoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uppoaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uppoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uppoaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
uppoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upota
uppoa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          upota
upotkoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          upota
upotkaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          upota
upotkaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          upota
upotkoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          upota
upottakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             upota
uppoa                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
upotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
upotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
upotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
upotko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottako                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             upota
upota                                   :Inf1:                    upota
upotakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  upota
upotessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            upota
upottaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            upota
upoten                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            upota
uppoamassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            upota
uppoamasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            upota
uppoamaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            upota
uppoamalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            upota
uppoamatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            upota
uppoaman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            upota
upottaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            upota
uppoaminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                upota
uppoamista                              :Inf4:Par:                upota
uppoamaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    upota
uppoava                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             upota
upottava                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             upota
uponnut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             upota
upottu                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             upota
uppoama                                 :Cip:Age:                 upota
uppoamaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          upota
upottu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          upota
upottu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         upota
uponnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          upota
uponnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          upota
uponnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          upota
uponneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          upota
uponneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          upota
uponneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          upota
upottu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             upota
uponnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         upota
uponnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          upota
uponnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          upota
uponnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          upota
uponneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          upota
uponneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          upota
uponneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          upota
upottu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             upota
uponnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upota
uponnut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         upota
uponnut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          upota
uponneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          upota
upottu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             upota
uponnut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upota
uponneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upota
upottu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         upota
upote                                   :S:Nom:                   upote
upotteen                                :S:Gen:                   upote
upotetta                                :S:Par:                   upote
upotteessa                              :S:Ine:                   upote
upotteesta                              :S:Ela:                   upote
upotteeseen                             :S:Ill:                   upote
upotteella                              :S:Ade:                   upote
upotteelta                              :S:Abl:                   upote
upotteelle                              :S:All:                   upote
upotteena                               :S:Ess:                   upote
upotteeksi                              :S:Tra:                   upote
upotteetta                              :S:Abe:                   upote
upotteet                                :P:Nom:                   upote
upotteiden                              :P:Gen:                   upote
upoteitten                              :P:Gen:                   upote
upotteita                               :P:Par:                   upote
upotteissa                              :P:Ine:                   upote
upotteista                              :P:Ela:                   upote
upotteisiin                             :P:Ill:                   upote
upotteihin                              :P:Ill:                   upote
upotteilla                              :P:Ade:                   upote
upotteilta                              :P:Abl:                   upote
upotteille                              :P:All:                   upote
upotteina                               :P:Ess:                   upote
upotteiksi                              :P:Tra:                   upote
upottein                                :P:Ins:                   upote
upotteitta                              :P:Abe:                   upote
upotteine                               :P:Kom:                   upote
upotan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          upottaa
upotat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upottaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upotamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upotatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotetaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             upottaa
upota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upottaa
upota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upota                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upoteta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upotin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          upottaa
upotit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upotti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upotimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upotitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upottanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          upottaa
upottanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upottanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upottanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upottanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             upottaa
upottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upottaa
upottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upottane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upottaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          upottaa
upottaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upottaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upottaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             upottaa
upottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upottaa
upottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upottaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upota                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upottakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upottakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upottakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             upottaa
upota                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upottako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upottako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upottako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             upottaa
upottaa                                 :Inf1:                    upottaa
upottaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  upottaa
upottaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            upottaa
upotettaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            upottaa
upottaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            upottaa
upottamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            upottaa
upottamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            upottaa
upottamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            upottaa
upottamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            upottaa
upottamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            upottaa
upottaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            upottaa
upotettaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            upottaa
upottaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                upottaa
upottamista                             :Inf4:Par:                upottaa
upottamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    upottaa
upottava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             upottaa
upotettava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             upottaa
upottanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             upottaa
upotettu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             upottaa
upottama                                :Cip:Age:                 upottaa
upottamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          upottaa
upottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             upottaa
upottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          upottaa
upottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          upottaa
upottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             upottaa
upottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upottaa
upottanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upottanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          upottaa
upottaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          upottaa
upotettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             upottaa
upottanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upottaa
upottaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upottaa
upotettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         upottaa
upotteinen                              :S:Nom:                   upotteinen
upotteisen                              :S:Gen:                   upotteinen
upotteista                              :S:Par:                   upotteinen
upotteisessa                            :S:Ine:                   upotteinen
upotteisesta                            :S:Ela:                   upotteinen
upotteiseen                             :S:Ill:                   upotteinen
upotteisella                            :S:Ade:                   upotteinen
upotteiselta                            :S:Abl:                   upotteinen
upotteiselle                            :S:All:                   upotteinen
upotteisena                             :S:Ess:                   upotteinen
upotteiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   upotteinen
upotteisetta                            :S:Abe:                   upotteinen
upotteiset                              :P:Nom:                   upotteinen
upotteisten                             :P:Gen:                   upotteinen
upotteisin                              :P:Gen:                   upotteinen
upotteisia                              :P:Par:                   upotteinen
upotteisissa                            :P:Ine:                   upotteinen
upotteisista                            :P:Ela:                   upotteinen
upotteisiin                             :P:Ill:                   upotteinen
upotteisilla                            :P:Ade:                   upotteinen
upotteisilta                            :P:Abl:                   upotteinen
upotteisille                            :P:All:                   upotteinen
upotteisina                             :P:Ess:                   upotteinen
upotteisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   upotteinen
upotteisin                              :P:Ins:                   upotteinen
upotteisitta                            :P:Abe:                   upotteinen
upotteisine                             :P:Kom:                   upotteinen
upotus                                  :S:Nom:                   upotus
upotuksen                               :S:Gen:                   upotus
upotusta                                :S:Par:                   upotus
upotuksessa                             :S:Ine:                   upotus
upotuksesta                             :S:Ela:                   upotus
upotukseen                              :S:Ill:                   upotus
upotuksella                             :S:Ade:                   upotus
upotukselta                             :S:Abl:                   upotus
upotukselle                             :S:All:                   upotus
upotuksena                              :S:Ess:                   upotus
upotukseksi                             :S:Tra:                   upotus
upotuksetta                             :S:Abe:                   upotus
upotukset                               :P:Nom:                   upotus
upotusten                               :P:Gen:                   upotus
upotuksien                              :P:Gen:                   upotus
upotuksia                               :P:Par:                   upotus
upotuksissa                             :P:Ine:                   upotus
upotuksista                             :P:Ela:                   upotus
upotuksiin                              :P:Ill:                   upotus
upotuksilla                             :P:Ade:                   upotus
upotuksilta                             :P:Abl:                   upotus
upotuksille                             :P:All:                   upotus
upotuksina                              :P:Ess:                   upotus
upotuksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   upotus
upotuksin                               :P:Ins:                   upotus
upotuksitta                             :P:Abe:                   upotus
upotuksine                              :P:Kom:                   upotus
upotuskaste                             :S:Nom:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteen                           :S:Gen:                   upotuskaste
upotuskastetta                          :S:Par:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteessa                         :S:Ine:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteesta                         :S:Ela:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteella                         :S:Ade:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteelta                         :S:Abl:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteelle                         :S:All:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteena                          :S:Ess:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteetta                         :S:Abe:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteet                           :P:Nom:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteiden                         :P:Gen:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteitten                        :P:Gen:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteita                          :P:Par:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteissa                         :P:Ine:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteista                         :P:Ela:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteihin                         :P:Ill:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteilla                         :P:Ade:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteilta                         :P:Abl:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteille                         :P:All:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteina                          :P:Ess:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   upotuskaste
upotuskastein                           :P:Ins:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteitta                         :P:Abe:                   upotuskaste
upotuskasteine                          :P:Kom:                   upotuskaste
upotuskoristelu                         :S:Nom:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelun                        :S:Gen:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelua                        :S:Par:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelussa                      :S:Ine:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelusta                      :S:Ela:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluun                       :S:Ill:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelulla                      :S:Ade:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelulta                      :S:Abl:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelulle                      :S:All:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluna                       :S:Ess:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluksi                      :S:Tra:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelutta                      :S:Abe:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelut                        :P:Nom:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristelujen                      :P:Gen:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluiden                     :P:Gen:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluitten                    :P:Gen:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluja                       :P:Par:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluita                      :P:Par:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluissa                     :P:Ine:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluista                     :P:Ela:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluihin                     :P:Ill:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluilla                     :P:Ade:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluilta                     :P:Abl:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluille                     :P:All:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluina                      :P:Ess:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluiksi                     :P:Tra:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluin                       :P:Ins:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluitta                     :P:Abe:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuskoristeluine                      :P:Kom:                   upotuskoristelu
upotuspora                              :S:Nom:                   upotuspora
upotusporan                             :S:Gen:                   upotuspora
upotusporaa                             :S:Par:                   upotuspora
upotusporassa                           :S:Ine:                   upotuspora
upotusporasta                           :S:Ela:                   upotuspora
upotusporaan                            :S:Ill:                   upotuspora
upotusporalla                           :S:Ade:                   upotuspora
upotusporalta                           :S:Abl:                   upotuspora
upotusporalle                           :S:All:                   upotuspora
upotusporana                            :S:Ess:                   upotuspora
upotusporaksi                           :S:Tra:                   upotuspora
upotusporatta                           :S:Abe:                   upotuspora
upotusporat                             :P:Nom:                   upotuspora
upotusporien                            :P:Gen:                   upotuspora
upotusporain                            :P:Gen:                   upotuspora
upotusporia                             :P:Par:                   upotuspora
upotusporissa                           :P:Ine:                   upotuspora
upotusporista                           :P:Ela:                   upotuspora
upotusporiin                            :P:Ill:                   upotuspora
upotusporilla                           :P:Ade:                   upotuspora
upotusporilta                           :P:Abl:                   upotuspora
upotusporille                           :P:All:                   upotuspora
upotusporina                            :P:Ess:                   upotuspora
upotusporiksi                           :P:Tra:                   upotuspora
upotusporin                             :P:Ins:                   upotuspora
upotusporitta                           :P:Abe:                   upotuspora
upotusporine                            :P:Kom:                   upotuspora
upotussuolaan                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaamme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaatte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaavat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolataan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolata                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolasin                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolasit                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolasi                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolasimme                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolasitte                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolasivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolannen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolaisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolaisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolatkoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolatkaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolatkaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolatkoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolatko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolatko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolatko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolatko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolata                           :Inf1:                    upotussuolata
upotussuolatakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  upotussuolata
upotussuolatessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            upotussuolata
upotussuolattaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            upotussuolata
upotussuolaten                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            upotussuolata
upotussuolaamassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            upotussuolata
upotussuolaamasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            upotussuolata
upotussuolaamaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            upotussuolata
upotussuolaamalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            upotussuolata
upotussuolaamatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            upotussuolata
upotussuolaaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            upotussuolata
upotussuolattaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            upotussuolata
upotussuolaaminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                upotussuolata
upotussuolaamista                       :Inf4:Par:                upotussuolata
upotussuolaamaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    upotussuolata
upotussuolaava                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             upotussuolata
upotussuolattava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolaama                          :Cip:Age:                 upotussuolata
upotussuolaamaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             upotussuolata
upotussuolannut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolanneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      upotussuolata
upotussuolattu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         upotussuolata
upotussuolaus                           :S:Nom:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksen                        :S:Gen:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolausta                         :S:Par:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksessa                      :S:Ine:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksesta                      :S:Ela:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolaukseen                       :S:Ill:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksella                      :S:Ade:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolaukselta                      :S:Abl:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolaukselle                      :S:All:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksena                       :S:Ess:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolaukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksetta                      :S:Abe:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolaukset                        :P:Nom:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolausten                        :P:Gen:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksien                       :P:Gen:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksia                        :P:Par:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksissa                      :P:Ine:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksista                      :P:Ela:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksiin                       :P:Ill:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksilla                      :P:Ade:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksilta                      :P:Abl:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksille                      :P:All:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksina                       :P:Ess:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksin                        :P:Ins:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksitta                      :P:Abe:                   upotussuolaus
upotussuolauksine                       :P:Kom:                   upotussuolaus
upouusi                                 :S:Nom:                   upouusi
upouuden                                :S:Gen:                   upouusi
upouutta                                :S:Par:                   upouusi
upouudessa                              :S:Ine:                   upouusi
upouudesta                              :S:Ela:                   upouusi
upouuteen                               :S:Ill:                   upouusi
upouudella                              :S:Ade:                   upouusi
upouudelta                              :S:Abl:                   upouusi
upouudelle                              :S:All:                   upouusi
upouutena                               :S:Ess:                   upouusi
upouudeksi                              :S:Tra:                   upouusi
upouudetta                              :S:Abe:                   upouusi
upouudet                                :P:Nom:                   upouusi
upouusien                               :P:Gen:                   upouusi
upouutten                               :P:Gen:                   upouusi
upouusia                                :P:Par:                   upouusi
upouusissa                              :P:Ine:                   upouusi
upouusista                              :P:Ela:                   upouusi
upouusiin                               :P:Ill:                   upouusi
upouusilla                              :P:Ade:                   upouusi
upouusilta                              :P:Abl:                   upouusi
upouusille                              :P:All:                   upouusi
upouusina                               :P:Ess:                   upouusi
upouusiksi                              :P:Tra:                   upouusi
upouusiin                               :P:Ins:                   upouusi
upouusitta                              :P:Abe:                   upouusi
upouusine                               :P:Kom:                   upouusi
uppiniskainen                           :S:Nom:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisen                           :S:Gen:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaista                           :S:Par:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisella                         :S:Ade:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaiselle                         :S:All:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisena                          :S:Ess:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaiset                           :P:Nom:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisten                          :P:Gen:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisin                           :P:Gen:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisia                           :P:Par:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisista                         :P:Ela:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisille                         :P:All:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisina                          :P:Ess:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisin                           :P:Ins:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisine                          :P:Kom:                   uppiniskainen
uppiniskaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppiniskaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   uppiniskaisuus
uppoama                                 :S:Nom:                   uppoama
uppoaman                                :S:Gen:                   uppoama
uppoamaa                                :S:Par:                   uppoama
uppoamassa                              :S:Ine:                   uppoama
uppoamasta                              :S:Ela:                   uppoama
uppoamaan                               :S:Ill:                   uppoama
uppoamalla                              :S:Ade:                   uppoama
uppoamalta                              :S:Abl:                   uppoama
uppoamalle                              :S:All:                   uppoama
uppoamana                               :S:Ess:                   uppoama
uppoamaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uppoama
uppoamatta                              :S:Abe:                   uppoama
uppoamat                                :P:Nom:                   uppoama
uppoamien                               :P:Gen:                   uppoama
uppoamain                               :P:Gen:                   uppoama
uppoamia                                :P:Par:                   uppoama
uppoamissa                              :P:Ine:                   uppoama
uppoamista                              :P:Ela:                   uppoama
uppoamiin                               :P:Ill:                   uppoama
uppoamilla                              :P:Ade:                   uppoama
uppoamilta                              :P:Abl:                   uppoama
uppoamille                              :P:All:                   uppoama
uppoamina                               :P:Ess:                   uppoama
uppoamiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uppoama
uppoamin                                :P:Ins:                   uppoama
uppoamitta                              :P:Abe:                   uppoama
uppoamine                               :P:Kom:                   uppoama
uppoamaton                              :S:Nom:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattoman                           :S:Gen:                   uppoamaton
uppoamatonta                            :S:Par:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomassa                         :S:Ine:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomasta                         :S:Ela:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomaan                          :S:Ill:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomalla                         :S:Ade:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomalta                         :S:Abl:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomalle                         :S:All:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomana                          :S:Ess:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomaksi                         :S:Tra:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomatta                         :S:Abe:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomat                           :P:Nom:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomien                          :P:Gen:                   uppoamaton
uppoamatonten                           :P:Gen:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomia                           :P:Par:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomissa                         :P:Ine:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomista                         :P:Ela:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomiin                          :P:Ill:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomilla                         :P:Ade:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomilta                         :P:Abl:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomille                         :P:All:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomina                          :P:Ess:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomin                           :P:Ins:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomitta                         :P:Abe:                   uppoamaton
uppoamattomine                          :P:Kom:                   uppoamaton
uppoasennus                             :S:Nom:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksen                          :S:Gen:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennusta                           :S:Par:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennukseen                         :S:Ill:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksella                        :S:Ade:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennukselta                        :S:Abl:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennukselle                        :S:All:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksena                         :S:Ess:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennukset                          :P:Nom:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennusten                          :P:Gen:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksia                          :P:Par:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksille                        :P:All:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uppoasennus
uppoasennuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uppoasennus
uppokanta                               :S:Nom:                   uppokanta
uppokannan                              :S:Gen:                   uppokanta
uppokantaa                              :S:Par:                   uppokanta
uppokannassa                            :S:Ine:                   uppokanta
uppokannasta                            :S:Ela:                   uppokanta
uppokantaan                             :S:Ill:                   uppokanta
uppokannalla                            :S:Ade:                   uppokanta
uppokannalta                            :S:Abl:                   uppokanta
uppokannalle                            :S:All:                   uppokanta
uppokantana                             :S:Ess:                   uppokanta
uppokannaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uppokanta
uppokannatta                            :S:Abe:                   uppokanta
uppokannat                              :P:Nom:                   uppokanta
uppokantojen                            :P:Gen:                   uppokanta
uppokantain                             :P:Gen:                   uppokanta
uppokantoja                             :P:Par:                   uppokanta
uppokannoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uppokanta
uppokannoista                           :P:Ela:                   uppokanta
uppokantoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uppokanta
uppokannoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uppokanta
uppokannoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uppokanta
uppokannoille                           :P:All:                   uppokanta
uppokantoina                            :P:Ess:                   uppokanta
uppokannoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uppokanta
uppokannoin                             :P:Ins:                   uppokanta
uppokannoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uppokanta
uppokantoine                            :P:Kom:                   uppokanta
uppokantaruuvi                          :S:Nom:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvin                         :S:Gen:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvia                         :S:Par:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvissa                       :S:Ine:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvista                       :S:Ela:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuviin                        :S:Ill:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvilla                       :S:Ade:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvilta                       :S:Abl:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuville                       :S:All:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvina                        :S:Ess:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuviksi                       :S:Tra:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvitta                       :S:Abe:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvit                         :P:Nom:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvien                        :P:Gen:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveja                        :P:Par:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveissa                      :P:Ine:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveista                      :P:Ela:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveihin                      :P:Ill:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveilla                      :P:Ade:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveilta                      :P:Abl:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveille                      :P:All:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveina                       :P:Ess:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuvein                        :P:Ins:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveitta                      :P:Abe:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokantaruuveine                       :P:Kom:                   uppokantaruuvi
uppokuumennin                           :S:Nom:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimen                         :S:Gen:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumenninta                         :S:Par:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimessa                       :S:Ine:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimesta                       :S:Ela:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimeen                        :S:Ill:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimella                       :S:Ade:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimelta                       :S:Abl:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimelle                       :S:All:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimena                        :S:Ess:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimeksi                       :S:Tra:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimetta                       :S:Abe:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimet                         :P:Nom:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimien                        :P:Gen:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumenninten                        :P:Gen:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimia                         :P:Par:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimissa                       :P:Ine:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimista                       :P:Ela:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimiin                        :P:Ill:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimilla                       :P:Ade:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimilta                       :P:Abl:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimille                       :P:All:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimina                        :P:Ess:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimin                         :P:Ins:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimitta                       :P:Abe:                   uppokuumennin
uppokuumentimine                        :P:Kom:                   uppokuumennin
uppolukko                               :S:Nom:                   uppolukko
uppolukon                               :S:Gen:                   uppolukko
uppolukkoa                              :S:Par:                   uppolukko
uppolukossa                             :S:Ine:                   uppolukko
uppolukosta                             :S:Ela:                   uppolukko
uppolukkoon                             :S:Ill:                   uppolukko
uppolukolla                             :S:Ade:                   uppolukko
uppolukolta                             :S:Abl:                   uppolukko
uppolukolle                             :S:All:                   uppolukko
uppolukkona                             :S:Ess:                   uppolukko
uppolukoksi                             :S:Tra:                   uppolukko
uppolukotta                             :S:Abe:                   uppolukko
uppolukot                               :P:Nom:                   uppolukko
uppolukkojen                            :P:Gen:                   uppolukko
uppolukkoja                             :P:Par:                   uppolukko
uppolukoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uppolukko
uppolukoista                            :P:Ela:                   uppolukko
uppolukkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uppolukko
uppolukoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uppolukko
uppolukoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uppolukko
uppolukoille                            :P:All:                   uppolukko
uppolukkoina                            :P:Ess:                   uppolukko
uppolukoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uppolukko
uppolukoin                              :P:Ins:                   uppolukko
uppolukoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uppolukko
uppolukkoine                            :P:Kom:                   uppolukko
uppomuna                                :S:Nom:                   uppomuna
uppomunan                               :S:Gen:                   uppomuna
uppomunaa                               :S:Par:                   uppomuna
uppomunassa                             :S:Ine:                   uppomuna
uppomunasta                             :S:Ela:                   uppomuna
uppomunaan                              :S:Ill:                   uppomuna
uppomunalla                             :S:Ade:                   uppomuna
uppomunalta                             :S:Abl:                   uppomuna
uppomunalle                             :S:All:                   uppomuna
uppomunana                              :S:Ess:                   uppomuna
uppomunaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uppomuna
uppomunatta                             :S:Abe:                   uppomuna
uppomunat                               :P:Nom:                   uppomuna
uppomunien                              :P:Gen:                   uppomuna
uppomunain                              :P:Gen:                   uppomuna
uppomunia                               :P:Par:                   uppomuna
uppomunissa                             :P:Ine:                   uppomuna
uppomunista                             :P:Ela:                   uppomuna
uppomuniin                              :P:Ill:                   uppomuna
uppomunilla                             :P:Ade:                   uppomuna
uppomunilta                             :P:Abl:                   uppomuna
uppomunille                             :P:All:                   uppomuna
uppomunina                              :P:Ess:                   uppomuna
uppomuniksi                             :P:Tra:                   uppomuna
uppomunin                               :P:Ins:                   uppomuna
uppomunitta                             :P:Abe:                   uppomuna
uppomunine                              :P:Kom:                   uppomuna
uppo-outo                               :S:Nom:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudon                              :S:Gen:                   uppo-outo
uppo-outoa                              :S:Par:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudossa                            :S:Ine:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudosta                            :S:Ela:                   uppo-outo
uppo-outoon                             :S:Ill:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudolla                            :S:Ade:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudolta                            :S:Abl:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudolle                            :S:All:                   uppo-outo
uppo-outona                             :S:Ess:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoksi                            :S:Tra:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudotta                            :S:Abe:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudot                              :P:Nom:                   uppo-outo
uppo-outojen                            :P:Gen:                   uppo-outo
uppo-outoja                             :P:Par:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoista                           :P:Ela:                   uppo-outo
uppo-outoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoille                           :P:All:                   uppo-outo
uppo-outoina                            :P:Ess:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoin                             :P:Ins:                   uppo-outo
uppo-oudoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uppo-outo
uppo-outoine                            :P:Kom:                   uppo-outo
uppopaistan                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaa                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistamme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistatte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistavat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistetaan                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaista                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaista                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaista                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaista                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaista                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaista                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaisteta                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaistoin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistoit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistoi                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistoimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistoitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistoivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaistanen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettaneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettane                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettaisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettaisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaista                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistakaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistakaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistakoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaista                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettako                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistaa                             :Inf1:                    uppopaistaa
uppopaistaakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  uppopaistaa
uppopaistaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistettaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistaen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistamassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistamasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistamaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistamalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistamatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistettaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uppopaistaa
uppopaistaminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                uppopaistaa
uppopaistamista                         :Inf4:Par:                uppopaistaa
uppopaistamaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    uppopaistaa
uppopaistava                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistettava                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistama                            :Cip:Age:                 uppopaistaa
uppopaistamaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             uppopaistaa
uppopaistanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppopaistaa
uppopaistettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uppopaistaa
uppopaisto                              :S:Nom:                   uppopaisto
uppopaiston                             :S:Gen:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoa                             :S:Par:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistossa                           :S:Ine:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistosta                           :S:Ela:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoon                            :S:Ill:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistolla                           :S:Ade:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistolta                           :S:Abl:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistolle                           :S:All:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistona                            :S:Ess:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoksi                           :S:Tra:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistotta                           :S:Abe:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistot                             :P:Nom:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistojen                           :P:Gen:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoja                            :P:Par:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoista                          :P:Ela:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoille                          :P:All:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoina                           :P:Ess:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoin                            :P:Ins:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uppopaisto
uppopaistoine                           :P:Kom:                   uppopaisto
uppopallo                               :S:Nom:                   uppopallo
uppopallon                              :S:Gen:                   uppopallo
uppopalloa                              :S:Par:                   uppopallo
uppopallossa                            :S:Ine:                   uppopallo
uppopallosta                            :S:Ela:                   uppopallo
uppopalloon                             :S:Ill:                   uppopallo
uppopallolla                            :S:Ade:                   uppopallo
uppopallolta                            :S:Abl:                   uppopallo
uppopallolle                            :S:All:                   uppopallo
uppopallona                             :S:Ess:                   uppopallo
uppopalloksi                            :S:Tra:                   uppopallo
uppopallotta                            :S:Abe:                   uppopallo
uppopallot                              :P:Nom:                   uppopallo
uppopallojen                            :P:Gen:                   uppopallo
uppopalloja                             :P:Par:                   uppopallo
uppopalloissa                           :P:Ine:                   uppopallo
uppopalloista                           :P:Ela:                   uppopallo
uppopalloihin                           :P:Ill:                   uppopallo
uppopalloilla                           :P:Ade:                   uppopallo
uppopalloilta                           :P:Abl:                   uppopallo
uppopalloille                           :P:All:                   uppopallo
uppopalloina                            :P:Ess:                   uppopallo
uppopalloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uppopallo
uppopalloin                             :P:Ins:                   uppopallo
uppopalloitta                           :P:Abe:                   uppopallo
uppopalloine                            :P:Kom:                   uppopallo
uppoperho                               :S:Nom:                   uppoperho
uppoperhon                              :S:Gen:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoa                              :S:Par:                   uppoperho
uppoperhossa                            :S:Ine:                   uppoperho
uppoperhosta                            :S:Ela:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoon                             :S:Ill:                   uppoperho
uppoperholla                            :S:Ade:                   uppoperho
uppoperholta                            :S:Abl:                   uppoperho
uppoperholle                            :S:All:                   uppoperho
uppoperhona                             :S:Ess:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoksi                            :S:Tra:                   uppoperho
uppoperhotta                            :S:Abe:                   uppoperho
uppoperhot                              :P:Nom:                   uppoperho
uppoperhojen                            :P:Gen:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoja                             :P:Par:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoista                           :P:Ela:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoille                           :P:All:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoina                            :P:Ess:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoin                             :P:Ins:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uppoperho
uppoperhoine                            :P:Kom:                   uppoperho
uppopumppu                              :S:Nom:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpun                              :S:Gen:                   uppopumppu
uppopumppua                             :S:Par:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpussa                            :S:Ine:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpusta                            :S:Ela:                   uppopumppu
uppopumppuun                            :S:Ill:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpulla                            :S:Ade:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpulta                            :S:Abl:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpulle                            :S:All:                   uppopumppu
uppopumppuna                            :S:Ess:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuksi                            :S:Tra:                   uppopumppu
uppopumputta                            :S:Abe:                   uppopumppu
uppopumput                              :P:Nom:                   uppopumppu
uppopumppujen                           :P:Gen:                   uppopumppu
uppopumppuja                            :P:Par:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuissa                           :P:Ine:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuista                           :P:Ela:                   uppopumppu
uppopumppuihin                          :P:Ill:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuilla                           :P:Ade:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuilta                           :P:Abl:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuille                           :P:All:                   uppopumppu
uppopumppuina                           :P:Ess:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuin                             :P:Ins:                   uppopumppu
uppopumpuitta                           :P:Abe:                   uppopumppu
uppopumppuine                           :P:Kom:                   uppopumppu
uppopua                                 :S:Nom:                   uppopuu
uppopuan                                :S:Gen:                   uppopuu
uppopuata                               :S:Par:                   uppopuu
uppopuassa                              :S:Ine:                   uppopuu
uppopuasta                              :S:Ela:                   uppopuu
uppopuuhun                              :S:Ill:                   uppopuu
uppopualla                              :S:Ade:                   uppopuu
uppopualta                              :S:Abl:                   uppopuu
uppopualle                              :S:All:                   uppopuu
uppopuana                               :S:Ess:                   uppopuu
uppopuaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uppopuu
uppopuatta                              :S:Abe:                   uppopuu
uppopuat                                :P:Nom:                   uppopuu
uppopuiden                              :P:Gen:                   uppopuu
uppopuitten                             :P:Gen:                   uppopuu
uppopuita                               :P:Par:                   uppopuu
uppopuissa                              :P:Ine:                   uppopuu
uppopuista                              :P:Ela:                   uppopuu
uppopuihin                              :P:Ill:                   uppopuu
uppopuilla                              :P:Ade:                   uppopuu
uppopuilta                              :P:Abl:                   uppopuu
uppopuille                              :P:All:                   uppopuu
uppopuina                               :P:Ess:                   uppopuu
uppopuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uppopuu
uppopuin                                :P:Ins:                   uppopuu
uppopuitta                              :P:Abe:                   uppopuu
uppopuine                               :P:Kom:                   uppopuu
upporikas                               :S:Nom:                   upporikas
upporikkaan                             :S:Gen:                   upporikas
upporikasta                             :S:Par:                   upporikas
upporikkaassa                           :S:Ine:                   upporikas
upporikkaasta                           :S:Ela:                   upporikas
upporikkaaseen                          :S:Ill:                   upporikas
upporikkaalla                           :S:Ade:                   upporikas
upporikkaalta                           :S:Abl:                   upporikas
upporikkaalle                           :S:All:                   upporikas
upporikkaana                            :S:Ess:                   upporikas
upporikkaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   upporikas
upporikkaatta                           :S:Abe:                   upporikas
upporikkaat                             :P:Nom:                   upporikas
upporikkaiden                           :P:Gen:                   upporikas
upporikaitten                           :P:Gen:                   upporikas
upporikkaita                            :P:Par:                   upporikas
upporikkaissa                           :P:Ine:                   upporikas
upporikkaista                           :P:Ela:                   upporikas
upporikkaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   upporikas
upporikkailla                           :P:Ade:                   upporikas
upporikkailta                           :P:Abl:                   upporikas
upporikkaille                           :P:All:                   upporikas
upporikkaina                            :P:Ess:                   upporikas
upporikkaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   upporikas
upporikkain                             :P:Ins:                   upporikas
upporikkaitta                           :P:Abe:                   upporikas
upporikkaine                            :P:Kom:                   upporikas
uppotukki                               :S:Nom:                   uppotukki
uppotukin                               :S:Gen:                   uppotukki
uppotukkia                              :S:Par:                   uppotukki
uppotukissa                             :S:Ine:                   uppotukki
uppotukista                             :S:Ela:                   uppotukki
uppotukkiin                             :S:Ill:                   uppotukki
uppotukilla                             :S:Ade:                   uppotukki
uppotukilta                             :S:Abl:                   uppotukki
uppotukille                             :S:All:                   uppotukki
uppotukkina                             :S:Ess:                   uppotukki
uppotukiksi                             :S:Tra:                   uppotukki
uppotukitta                             :S:Abe:                   uppotukki
uppotukit                               :P:Nom:                   uppotukki
uppotukkien                             :P:Gen:                   uppotukki
uppotukkeja                             :P:Par:                   uppotukki
uppotukeissa                            :P:Ine:                   uppotukki
uppotukeista                            :P:Ela:                   uppotukki
uppotukkeihin                           :P:Ill:                   uppotukki
uppotukeilla                            :P:Ade:                   uppotukki
uppotukeilta                            :P:Abl:                   uppotukki
uppotukeille                            :P:All:                   uppotukki
uppotukkeina                            :P:Ess:                   uppotukki
uppotukeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uppotukki
uppotukein                              :P:Ins:                   uppotukki
uppotukeitta                            :P:Abe:                   uppotukki
uppotukkeine                            :P:Kom:                   uppotukki
uppouma                                 :S:Nom:                   uppouma
uppouman                                :S:Gen:                   uppouma
uppoumaa                                :S:Par:                   uppouma
uppoumassa                              :S:Ine:                   uppouma
uppoumasta                              :S:Ela:                   uppouma
uppoumaan                               :S:Ill:                   uppouma
uppoumalla                              :S:Ade:                   uppouma
uppoumalta                              :S:Abl:                   uppouma
uppoumalle                              :S:All:                   uppouma
uppoumana                               :S:Ess:                   uppouma
uppoumaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uppouma
uppoumatta                              :S:Abe:                   uppouma
uppoumat                                :P:Nom:                   uppouma
uppoumien                               :P:Gen:                   uppouma
uppoumain                               :P:Gen:                   uppouma
uppoumia                                :P:Par:                   uppouma
uppoumissa                              :P:Ine:                   uppouma
uppoumista                              :P:Ela:                   uppouma
uppoumiin                               :P:Ill:                   uppouma
uppoumilla                              :P:Ade:                   uppouma
uppoumilta                              :P:Abl:                   uppouma
uppoumille                              :P:All:                   uppouma
uppoumina                               :P:Ess:                   uppouma
uppoumiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uppouma
uppoumin                                :P:Ins:                   uppouma
uppoumitta                              :P:Abe:                   uppouma
uppoumine                               :P:Kom:                   uppouma
uppoudun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uppoutua
uppoudut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoudumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppoudutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppoudutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppouduin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uppoutua
uppouduit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppouduimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppouduitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppoutunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uppoutua
uppoutunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoutunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppoutunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppoutuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uppoutua
uppoutuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoutuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppoutuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppoudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoutukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppoutukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutua                                :Inf1:                    uppoutua
uppoutuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uppoutua
uppoutuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uppoutua
uppouduttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uppoutua
uppoutuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uppoutua
uppoutumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uppoutua
uppoutumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uppoutua
uppoutumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uppoutua
uppoutumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uppoutua
uppoutumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uppoutua
uppoutuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uppoutua
uppouduttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uppoutua
uppoutuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uppoutua
uppoutumista                            :Inf4:Par:                uppoutua
uppoutumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uppoutua
uppoutuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uppoutua
uppouduttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutuma                               :Cip:Age:                 uppoutua
uppoutumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uppoutua
uppoutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppoutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uppoutua
uppouduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uppoutua
uppovaaka                               :S:Nom:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaan                               :S:Gen:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakaa                              :S:Par:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaassa                             :S:Ine:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaasta                             :S:Ela:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakaan                             :S:Ill:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaalla                             :S:Ade:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaalta                             :S:Abl:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaalle                             :S:All:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakana                             :S:Ess:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaatta                             :S:Abe:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaat                               :P:Nom:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakojen                            :P:Gen:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakain                             :P:Gen:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakoja                             :P:Par:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaoista                            :P:Ela:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaoille                            :P:All:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakoina                            :P:Ess:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaoin                              :P:Ins:                   uppovaaka
uppovaaoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uppovaaka
uppovaakoine                            :P:Kom:                   uppovaaka
uppovalaisin                            :S:Nom:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimen                          :S:Gen:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisinta                          :S:Par:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimessa                        :S:Ine:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimesta                        :S:Ela:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimeen                         :S:Ill:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimella                        :S:Ade:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimelta                        :S:Abl:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimelle                        :S:All:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimena                         :S:Ess:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimeksi                        :S:Tra:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimetta                        :S:Abe:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimet                          :P:Nom:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimien                         :P:Gen:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisinten                         :P:Gen:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimia                          :P:Par:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimissa                        :P:Ine:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimista                        :P:Ela:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimiin                         :P:Ill:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimilla                        :P:Ade:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimilta                        :P:Abl:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimille                        :P:All:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimina                         :P:Ess:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimin                          :P:Ins:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimitta                        :P:Abe:                   uppovalaisin
uppovalaisimine                         :P:Kom:                   uppovalaisin
upseeri                                 :S:Nom:                   upseeri
upseerin                                :S:Gen:                   upseeri
upseeria                                :S:Par:                   upseeri
upseerissa                              :S:Ine:                   upseeri
upseerista                              :S:Ela:                   upseeri
upseeriin                               :S:Ill:                   upseeri
upseerilla                              :S:Ade:                   upseeri
upseerilta                              :S:Abl:                   upseeri
upseerille                              :S:All:                   upseeri
upseerina                               :S:Ess:                   upseeri
upseeriksi                              :S:Tra:                   upseeri
upseeritta                              :S:Abe:                   upseeri
upseerit                                :P:Nom:                   upseeri
upseerien                               :P:Gen:                   upseeri
upseereiden                             :P:Gen:                   upseeri
upseereitten                            :P:Gen:                   upseeri
upseereja                               :P:Par:                   upseeri
upseereita                              :P:Par:                   upseeri
upseereissa                             :P:Ine:                   upseeri
upseereista                             :P:Ela:                   upseeri
upseereihin                             :P:Ill:                   upseeri
upseereilla                             :P:Ade:                   upseeri
upseereilta                             :P:Abl:                   upseeri
upseereille                             :P:All:                   upseeri
upseereina                              :P:Ess:                   upseeri
upseereiksi                             :P:Tra:                   upseeri
upseerein                               :P:Ins:                   upseeri
upseereitta                             :P:Abe:                   upseeri
upseereine                              :P:Kom:                   upseeri
upseeriaines                            :S:Nom:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksen                         :S:Gen:                   upseeriaines
upseeriainesta                          :S:Par:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksessa                       :S:Ine:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksesta                       :S:Ela:                   upseeriaines
upseeriainekseen                        :S:Ill:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksella                       :S:Ade:                   upseeriaines
upseeriainekselta                       :S:Abl:                   upseeriaines
upseeriainekselle                       :S:All:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksena                        :S:Ess:                   upseeriaines
upseeriainekseksi                       :S:Tra:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksetta                       :S:Abe:                   upseeriaines
upseeriainekset                         :P:Nom:                   upseeriaines
upseeriainesten                         :P:Gen:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksien                        :P:Gen:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksia                         :P:Par:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksissa                       :P:Ine:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksista                       :P:Ela:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksiin                        :P:Ill:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksilla                       :P:Ade:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksilta                       :P:Abl:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksille                       :P:All:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksina                        :P:Ess:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksin                         :P:Ins:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksitta                       :P:Abe:                   upseeriaines
upseeriaineksine                        :P:Kom:                   upseeriaines
upseerikerho                            :S:Nom:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhon                           :S:Gen:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoa                           :S:Par:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhossa                         :S:Ine:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhosta                         :S:Ela:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoon                          :S:Ill:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerholla                         :S:Ade:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerholta                         :S:Abl:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerholle                         :S:All:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhona                          :S:Ess:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoksi                         :S:Tra:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhotta                         :S:Abe:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhot                           :P:Nom:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhojen                         :P:Gen:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoja                          :P:Par:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoissa                        :P:Ine:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoista                        :P:Ela:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoihin                        :P:Ill:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoilla                        :P:Ade:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoilta                        :P:Abl:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoille                        :P:All:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoina                         :P:Ess:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoin                          :P:Ins:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoitta                        :P:Abe:                   upseerikerho
upseerikerhoine                         :P:Kom:                   upseerikerho
upseerikokelas                          :S:Nom:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaan                         :S:Gen:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelasta                        :S:Par:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaassa                       :S:Ine:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaasta                       :S:Ela:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaaseen                      :S:Ill:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaalla                       :S:Ade:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaalta                       :S:Abl:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaalle                       :S:All:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaana                        :S:Ess:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaaksi                       :S:Tra:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaatta                       :S:Abe:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaat                         :P:Nom:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaiden                       :P:Gen:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaitten                      :P:Gen:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaita                        :P:Par:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaissa                       :P:Ine:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaista                       :P:Ela:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaisiin                      :P:Ill:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelailla                       :P:Ade:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelailta                       :P:Abl:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaille                       :P:All:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaina                        :P:Ess:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaiksi                       :P:Tra:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelain                         :P:Ins:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaitta                       :P:Abe:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikokelaine                        :P:Kom:                   upseerikokelas
upseerikunta                            :S:Nom:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnan                           :S:Gen:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntaa                           :S:Par:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnassa                         :S:Ine:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnasta                         :S:Ela:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntaan                          :S:Ill:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnalla                         :S:Ade:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnalta                         :S:Abl:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnalle                         :S:All:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntana                          :S:Ess:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnaksi                         :S:Tra:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnatta                         :S:Abe:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnat                           :P:Nom:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntien                          :P:Gen:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntain                          :P:Gen:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntia                           :P:Par:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnissa                         :P:Ine:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnista                         :P:Ela:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntiin                          :P:Ill:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnilla                         :P:Ade:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnilta                         :P:Abl:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnille                         :P:All:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntina                          :P:Ess:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunniksi                         :P:Tra:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnin                           :P:Ins:                   upseerikunta
upseerikunnitta                         :P:Abe:                   upseerikunta
upseerikuntine                          :P:Kom:                   upseerikunta
upseerinarvo                            :S:Nom:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvon                           :S:Gen:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoa                           :S:Par:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvossa                         :S:Ine:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvosta                         :S:Ela:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoon                          :S:Ill:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvolla                         :S:Ade:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvolta                         :S:Abl:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvolle                         :S:All:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvona                          :S:Ess:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoksi                         :S:Tra:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvotta                         :S:Abe:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvot                           :P:Nom:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvojen                         :P:Gen:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoja                          :P:Par:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoissa                        :P:Ine:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoista                        :P:Ela:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoihin                        :P:Ill:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoilla                        :P:Ade:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoilta                        :P:Abl:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoille                        :P:All:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoina                         :P:Ess:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoin                          :P:Ins:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoitta                        :P:Abe:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinarvoine                         :P:Kom:                   upseerinarvo
upseerinura                             :S:Nom:                   upseerinura
upseerinuran                            :S:Gen:                   upseerinura
upseerinuraa                            :S:Par:                   upseerinura
upseerinurassa                          :S:Ine:                   upseerinura
upseerinurasta                          :S:Ela:                   upseerinura
upseerinuraan                           :S:Ill:                   upseerinura
upseerinuralla                          :S:Ade:                   upseerinura
upseerinuralta                          :S:Abl:                   upseerinura
upseerinuralle                          :S:All:                   upseerinura
upseerinurana                           :S:Ess:                   upseerinura
upseerinuraksi                          :S:Tra:                   upseerinura
upseerinuratta                          :S:Abe:                   upseerinura
upseerinurat                            :P:Nom:                   upseerinura
upseerinurien                           :P:Gen:                   upseerinura
upseerinurain                           :P:Gen:                   upseerinura
upseerinuria                            :P:Par:                   upseerinura
upseerinurissa                          :P:Ine:                   upseerinura
upseerinurista                          :P:Ela:                   upseerinura
upseerinuriin                           :P:Ill:                   upseerinura
upseerinurilla                          :P:Ade:                   upseerinura
upseerinurilta                          :P:Abl:                   upseerinura
upseerinurille                          :P:All:                   upseerinura
upseerinurina                           :P:Ess:                   upseerinura
upseerinuriksi                          :P:Tra:                   upseerinura
upseerinurin                            :P:Ins:                   upseerinura
upseerinuritta                          :P:Abe:                   upseerinura
upseerinurine                           :P:Kom:                   upseerinura
upseeristo                              :S:Nom:                   upseeristo
upseeriston                             :S:Gen:                   upseeristo
upseeristoa                             :S:Par:                   upseeristo
upseeristossa                           :S:Ine:                   upseeristo
upseeristosta                           :S:Ela:                   upseeristo
upseeristoon                            :S:Ill:                   upseeristo
upseeristolla                           :S:Ade:                   upseeristo
upseeristolta                           :S:Abl:                   upseeristo
upseeristolle                           :S:All:                   upseeristo
upseeristona                            :S:Ess:                   upseeristo
upseeristoksi                           :S:Tra:                   upseeristo
upseeristotta                           :S:Abe:                   upseeristo
upseeristot                             :P:Nom:                   upseeristo
upseeristojen                           :P:Gen:                   upseeristo
upseeristoja                            :P:Par:                   upseeristo
upseeristoissa                          :P:Ine:                   upseeristo
upseeristoista                          :P:Ela:                   upseeristo
upseeristoihin                          :P:Ill:                   upseeristo
upseeristoilla                          :P:Ade:                   upseeristo
upseeristoilta                          :P:Abl:                   upseeristo
upseeristoille                          :P:All:                   upseeristo
upseeristoina                           :P:Ess:                   upseeristo
upseeristoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   upseeristo
upseeristoin                            :P:Ins:                   upseeristo
upseeristoitta                          :P:Abe:                   upseeristo
upseeristoine                           :P:Kom:                   upseeristo
ura                                     :S:Nom:                   ura
uran                                    :S:Gen:                   ura
uraa                                    :S:Par:                   ura
urassa                                  :S:Ine:                   ura
urasta                                  :S:Ela:                   ura
uraan                                   :S:Ill:                   ura
uralla                                  :S:Ade:                   ura
uralta                                  :S:Abl:                   ura
uralle                                  :S:All:                   ura
urana                                   :S:Ess:                   ura
uraksi                                  :S:Tra:                   ura
uratta                                  :S:Abe:                   ura
urat                                    :P:Nom:                   ura
urien                                   :P:Gen:                   ura
urain                                   :P:Gen:                   ura
uria                                    :P:Par:                   ura
urissa                                  :P:Ine:                   ura
urista                                  :P:Ela:                   ura
uriin                                   :P:Ill:                   ura
urilla                                  :P:Ade:                   ura
urilta                                  :P:Abl:                   ura
urille                                  :P:All:                   ura
urina                                   :P:Ess:                   ura
uriksi                                  :P:Tra:                   ura
urin                                    :P:Ins:                   ura
uritta                                  :P:Abe:                   ura
urine                                   :P:Kom:                   ura
uraani                                  :S:Nom:                   uraani
uraanin                                 :S:Gen:                   uraani
uraania                                 :S:Par:                   uraani
uraanissa                               :S:Ine:                   uraani
uraanista                               :S:Ela:                   uraani
uraaniin                                :S:Ill:                   uraani
uraanilla                               :S:Ade:                   uraani
uraanilta                               :S:Abl:                   uraani
uraanille                               :S:All:                   uraani
uraanina                                :S:Ess:                   uraani
uraaniksi                               :S:Tra:                   uraani
uraanitta                               :S:Abe:                   uraani
uraanit                                 :P:Nom:                   uraani
uraanien                                :P:Gen:                   uraani
uraaneiden                              :P:Gen:                   uraani
uraaneitten                             :P:Gen:                   uraani
uraaneja                                :P:Par:                   uraani
uraaneita                               :P:Par:                   uraani
uraaneissa                              :P:Ine:                   uraani
uraaneista                              :P:Ela:                   uraani
uraaneihin                              :P:Ill:                   uraani
uraaneilla                              :P:Ade:                   uraani
uraaneilta                              :P:Abl:                   uraani
uraaneille                              :P:All:                   uraani
uraaneina                               :P:Ess:                   uraani
uraaneiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uraani
uraanein                                :P:Ins:                   uraani
uraaneitta                              :P:Abe:                   uraani
uraaneine                               :P:Kom:                   uraani
uraaniatomi                             :S:Nom:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomin                            :S:Gen:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomia                            :S:Par:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomissa                          :S:Ine:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomista                          :S:Ela:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomiin                           :S:Ill:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomilla                          :S:Ade:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomilta                          :S:Abl:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomille                          :S:All:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomina                           :S:Ess:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomiksi                          :S:Tra:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomitta                          :S:Abe:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomit                            :P:Nom:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomien                           :P:Gen:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeiden                         :P:Gen:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeitten                        :P:Gen:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeja                           :P:Par:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeita                          :P:Par:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeissa                         :P:Ine:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeista                         :P:Ela:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeihin                         :P:Ill:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeilla                         :P:Ade:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeilta                         :P:Abl:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeille                         :P:All:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeina                          :P:Ess:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomein                           :P:Ins:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeitta                         :P:Abe:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniatomeine                          :P:Kom:                   uraaniatomi
uraaniesiintymä                         :S:Nom:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymän                        :S:Gen:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymää                        :S:Par:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymässä                      :S:Ine:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymästä                      :S:Ela:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymään                       :S:Ill:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymällä                      :S:Ade:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymältä                      :S:Abl:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymälle                      :S:All:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymänä                       :S:Ess:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymäksi                      :S:Tra:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymättä                      :S:Abe:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymät                        :P:Nom:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymien                       :P:Gen:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymäin                       :P:Gen:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymiä                        :P:Par:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymissä                      :P:Ine:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymistä                      :P:Ela:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymiin                       :P:Ill:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymillä                      :P:Ade:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymille                      :P:All:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintyminä                       :P:Ess:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymin                        :P:Ins:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymittä                      :P:Abe:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraaniesiintymine                       :P:Kom:                   uraaniesiintymä
uraanikaivos                            :S:Nom:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksen                         :S:Gen:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivosta                          :S:Par:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksessa                       :S:Ine:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksesta                       :S:Ela:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivokseen                        :S:Ill:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksella                       :S:Ade:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivokselta                       :S:Abl:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivokselle                       :S:All:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksena                        :S:Ess:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivokseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksetta                       :S:Abe:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivokset                         :P:Nom:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivosten                         :P:Gen:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksien                        :P:Gen:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksia                         :P:Par:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksissa                       :P:Ine:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksista                       :P:Ela:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksilla                       :P:Ade:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksilta                       :P:Abl:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksille                       :P:All:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksina                        :P:Ess:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksin                         :P:Ins:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksitta                       :P:Abe:                   uraanikaivos
uraanikaivoksine                        :P:Kom:                   uraanikaivos
uraanimalmi                             :S:Nom:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmin                            :S:Gen:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmia                            :S:Par:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmissa                          :S:Ine:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmista                          :S:Ela:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmiin                           :S:Ill:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmilla                          :S:Ade:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmilta                          :S:Abl:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmille                          :S:All:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmina                           :S:Ess:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmiksi                          :S:Tra:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmitta                          :S:Abe:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmit                            :P:Nom:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmien                           :P:Gen:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeja                           :P:Par:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeissa                         :P:Ine:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeista                         :P:Ela:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeihin                         :P:Ill:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeilla                         :P:Ade:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeilta                         :P:Abl:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeille                         :P:All:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeina                          :P:Ess:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmein                           :P:Ins:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeitta                         :P:Abe:                   uraanimalmi
uraanimalmeine                          :P:Kom:                   uraanimalmi
uraauurtava                             :S:Nom:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavan                            :S:Gen:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavaa                            :S:Par:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavassa                          :S:Ine:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavasta                          :S:Ela:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavaan                           :S:Ill:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavalla                          :S:Ade:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavalta                          :S:Abl:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavalle                          :S:All:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavana                           :S:Ess:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavatta                          :S:Abe:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavat                            :P:Nom:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavien                           :P:Gen:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavain                           :P:Gen:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavia                            :P:Par:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavissa                          :P:Ine:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavista                          :P:Ela:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtaviin                           :P:Ill:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavilla                          :P:Ade:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavilta                          :P:Abl:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtaville                          :P:All:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavina                           :P:Ess:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtaviksi                          :P:Tra:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavin                            :P:Ins:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavitta                          :P:Abe:                   uraauurtava
uraauurtavine                           :P:Kom:                   uraauurtava
urahdus                                 :S:Nom:                   urahdus
urahduksen                              :S:Gen:                   urahdus
urahdusta                               :S:Par:                   urahdus
urahduksessa                            :S:Ine:                   urahdus
urahduksesta                            :S:Ela:                   urahdus
urahdukseen                             :S:Ill:                   urahdus
urahduksella                            :S:Ade:                   urahdus
urahdukselta                            :S:Abl:                   urahdus
urahdukselle                            :S:All:                   urahdus
urahduksena                             :S:Ess:                   urahdus
urahdukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   urahdus
urahduksetta                            :S:Abe:                   urahdus
urahdukset                              :P:Nom:                   urahdus
urahdusten                              :P:Gen:                   urahdus
urahduksien                             :P:Gen:                   urahdus
urahduksia                              :P:Par:                   urahdus
urahduksissa                            :P:Ine:                   urahdus
urahduksista                            :P:Ela:                   urahdus
urahduksiin                             :P:Ill:                   urahdus
urahduksilla                            :P:Ade:                   urahdus
urahduksilta                            :P:Abl:                   urahdus
urahduksille                            :P:All:                   urahdus
urahduksina                             :P:Ess:                   urahdus
urahduksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   urahdus
urahduksin                              :P:Ins:                   urahdus
urahduksitta                            :P:Abe:                   urahdus
urahduksine                             :P:Kom:                   urahdus
urahdan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urahtaa
urahdat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahtaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahdamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahdatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urahtaa
urahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahda                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdeta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahdin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urahtaa
urahdit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahdimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahditte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahtanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urahtaa
urahtanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahtanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahtanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahtanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahtaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urahtaa
urahtaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahtaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahtaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahda                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahtakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahtakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahtakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urahtaa
urahda                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtaa                                 :Inf1:                    urahtaa
urahtaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  urahtaa
urahtaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urahtaa
urahdettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urahtaa
urahtaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urahtaa
urahtamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urahtaa
urahtamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urahtaa
urahtamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urahtaa
urahtamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urahtaa
urahtamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urahtaa
urahtaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urahtaa
urahdettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urahtaa
urahtaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                urahtaa
urahtamista                             :Inf4:Par:                urahtaa
urahtamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    urahtaa
urahtava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urahtaa
urahdettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtama                                :Cip:Age:                 urahtaa
urahtamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             urahtaa
urahtanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahtaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urahtaa
urahdettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urahtaa
urahöylä                                :S:Nom:                   urahöylä
urahöylän                               :S:Gen:                   urahöylä
urahöylää                               :S:Par:                   urahöylä
urahöylässä                             :S:Ine:                   urahöylä
urahöylästä                             :S:Ela:                   urahöylä
urahöylään                              :S:Ill:                   urahöylä
urahöylällä                             :S:Ade:                   urahöylä
urahöylältä                             :S:Abl:                   urahöylä
urahöylälle                             :S:All:                   urahöylä
urahöylänä                              :S:Ess:                   urahöylä
urahöyläksi                             :S:Tra:                   urahöylä
urahöylättä                             :S:Abe:                   urahöylä
urahöylät                               :P:Nom:                   urahöylä
urahöylien                              :P:Gen:                   urahöylä
urahöyläin                              :P:Gen:                   urahöylä
urahöyliä                               :P:Par:                   urahöylä
urahöylissä                             :P:Ine:                   urahöylä
urahöylistä                             :P:Ela:                   urahöylä
urahöyliin                              :P:Ill:                   urahöylä
urahöylillä                             :P:Ade:                   urahöylä
urahöyliltä                             :P:Abl:                   urahöylä
urahöylille                             :P:All:                   urahöylä
urahöylinä                              :P:Ess:                   urahöylä
urahöyliksi                             :P:Tra:                   urahöylä
urahöylin                               :P:Ins:                   urahöylä
urahöylittä                             :P:Abe:                   urahöylä
urahöyline                              :P:Kom:                   urahöylä
urakehitys                              :S:Nom:                   urakehitys
urakehityksen                           :S:Gen:                   urakehitys
urakehitystä                            :S:Par:                   urakehitys
urakehityksessä                         :S:Ine:                   urakehitys
urakehityksestä                         :S:Ela:                   urakehitys
urakehitykseen                          :S:Ill:                   urakehitys
urakehityksellä                         :S:Ade:                   urakehitys
urakehitykseltä                         :S:Abl:                   urakehitys
urakehitykselle                         :S:All:                   urakehitys
urakehityksenä                          :S:Ess:                   urakehitys
urakehitykseksi                         :S:Tra:                   urakehitys
urakehityksettä                         :S:Abe:                   urakehitys
urakehitykset                           :P:Nom:                   urakehitys
urakehitysten                           :P:Gen:                   urakehitys
urakehityksien                          :P:Gen:                   urakehitys
urakehityksiä                           :P:Par:                   urakehitys
urakehityksissä                         :P:Ine:                   urakehitys
urakehityksistä                         :P:Ela:                   urakehitys
urakehityksiin                          :P:Ill:                   urakehitys
urakehityksillä                         :P:Ade:                   urakehitys
urakehityksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   urakehitys
urakehityksille                         :P:All:                   urakehitys
urakehityksinä                          :P:Ess:                   urakehitys
urakehityksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urakehitys
urakehityksin                           :P:Ins:                   urakehitys
urakehityksittä                         :P:Abe:                   urakehitys
urakehityksine                          :P:Kom:                   urakehitys
urakierto                               :S:Nom:                   urakierto
urakierron                              :S:Gen:                   urakierto
urakiertoa                              :S:Par:                   urakierto
urakierrossa                            :S:Ine:                   urakierto
urakierrosta                            :S:Ela:                   urakierto
urakiertoon                             :S:Ill:                   urakierto
urakierrolla                            :S:Ade:                   urakierto
urakierrolta                            :S:Abl:                   urakierto
urakierrolle                            :S:All:                   urakierto
urakiertona                             :S:Ess:                   urakierto
urakierroksi                            :S:Tra:                   urakierto
urakierrotta                            :S:Abe:                   urakierto
urakierrot                              :P:Nom:                   urakierto
urakiertojen                            :P:Gen:                   urakierto
urakiertoja                             :P:Par:                   urakierto
urakierroissa                           :P:Ine:                   urakierto
urakierroista                           :P:Ela:                   urakierto
urakiertoihin                           :P:Ill:                   urakierto
urakierroilla                           :P:Ade:                   urakierto
urakierroilta                           :P:Abl:                   urakierto
urakierroille                           :P:All:                   urakierto
urakiertoina                            :P:Ess:                   urakierto
urakierroiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urakierto
urakierroin                             :P:Ins:                   urakierto
urakierroitta                           :P:Abe:                   urakierto
urakiertoine                            :P:Kom:                   urakierto
urakka                                  :S:Nom:                   urakka
urakan                                  :S:Gen:                   urakka
urakkaa                                 :S:Par:                   urakka
urakassa                                :S:Ine:                   urakka
urakasta                                :S:Ela:                   urakka
urakkaan                                :S:Ill:                   urakka
urakalla                                :S:Ade:                   urakka
urakalta                                :S:Abl:                   urakka
urakalle                                :S:All:                   urakka
urakkana                                :S:Ess:                   urakka
urakaksi                                :S:Tra:                   urakka
urakatta                                :S:Abe:                   urakka
urakat                                  :P:Nom:                   urakka
urakoiden                               :P:Gen:                   urakka
urakoitten                              :P:Gen:                   urakka
urakkojen                               :P:Gen:                   urakka
urakkain                                :P:Gen:                   urakka
urakoita                                :P:Par:                   urakka
urakkoja                                :P:Par:                   urakka
urakoissa                               :P:Ine:                   urakka
urakoista                               :P:Ela:                   urakka
urakkoihin                              :P:Ill:                   urakka
urakoihin                               :P:Ill:                   urakka
urakoilla                               :P:Ade:                   urakka
urakoilta                               :P:Abl:                   urakka
urakoille                               :P:All:                   urakka
urakoina                                :P:Ess:                   urakka
urakoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   urakka
urakoin                                 :P:Ins:                   urakka
urakoitta                               :P:Abe:                   urakka
urakoine                                :P:Kom:                   urakka
urakkapalkka                            :S:Nom:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkan                            :S:Gen:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkaa                           :S:Par:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkassa                          :S:Ine:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkasta                          :S:Ela:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkaan                          :S:Ill:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkalla                          :S:Ade:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkalta                          :S:Abl:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkalle                          :S:All:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkana                          :S:Ess:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkaksi                          :S:Tra:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkatta                          :S:Abe:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkat                            :P:Nom:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkojen                         :P:Gen:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkain                          :P:Gen:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkoja                          :P:Par:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkoissa                         :P:Ine:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkoista                         :P:Ela:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkoihin                        :P:Ill:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkoilla                         :P:Ade:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkoilta                         :P:Abl:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkoille                         :P:All:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkoina                         :P:Ess:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkoin                           :P:Ins:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkoitta                         :P:Abe:                   urakkapalkka
urakkapalkkoine                         :P:Kom:                   urakkapalkka
urakkasopimus                           :S:Nom:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksen                        :S:Gen:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimusta                         :S:Par:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksessa                      :S:Ine:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksesta                      :S:Ela:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimukseen                       :S:Ill:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksella                      :S:Ade:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimukselta                      :S:Abl:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimukselle                      :S:All:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksena                       :S:Ess:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksetta                      :S:Abe:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimukset                        :P:Nom:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimusten                        :P:Gen:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksien                       :P:Gen:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksia                        :P:Par:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksista                      :P:Ela:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksille                      :P:All:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksina                       :P:Ess:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksin                        :P:Ins:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasopimuksine                       :P:Kom:                   urakkasopimus
urakkasumma                             :S:Nom:                   urakkasumma
urakkasumman                            :S:Gen:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummaa                            :S:Par:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummassa                          :S:Ine:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummasta                          :S:Ela:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummaan                           :S:Ill:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummalla                          :S:Ade:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummalta                          :S:Abl:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummalle                          :S:All:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummana                           :S:Ess:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummaksi                          :S:Tra:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummatta                          :S:Abe:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummat                            :P:Nom:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummien                           :P:Gen:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummain                           :P:Gen:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummia                            :P:Par:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummissa                          :P:Ine:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummista                          :P:Ela:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummiin                           :P:Ill:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummilla                          :P:Ade:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummilta                          :P:Abl:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummille                          :P:All:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummina                           :P:Ess:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummiksi                          :P:Tra:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummin                            :P:Ins:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummitta                          :P:Abe:                   urakkasumma
urakkasummine                           :P:Kom:                   urakkasumma
urakkatyö                               :S:Nom:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyön                              :S:Gen:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyötä                             :S:Par:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyössä                            :S:Ine:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyöstä                            :S:Ela:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyöhön                            :S:Ill:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyöllä                            :S:Ade:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyöltä                            :S:Abl:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyölle                            :S:All:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyönä                             :S:Ess:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyöksi                            :S:Tra:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyöttä                            :S:Abe:                   urakkatyö
urakkatyöt                              :P:Nom:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöiden                            :P:Gen:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöitten                           :P:Gen:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöitä                             :P:Par:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöissä                            :P:Ine:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöistä                            :P:Ela:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöihin                            :P:Ill:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöillä                            :P:Ade:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöiltä                            :P:Abl:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöille                            :P:All:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöinä                             :P:Ess:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöiksi                            :P:Tra:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöin                              :P:Ins:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöittä                            :P:Abe:                   urakkatyö
urakkatöine                             :P:Kom:                   urakkatyö
urakoin                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoitsen                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoit                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoitset                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoitsee                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoimme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoitsemme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoitte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoitsette                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoivat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitsevat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoidaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urakoida
urakoi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitse                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitse                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitse                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitse                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitse                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitse                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoida                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoitsin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoitsit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoitsi                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoitsimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoitsitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitsivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoinen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoinet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoinee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoinemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoinette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoinevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urakoida
urakoine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoitsisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoitsisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoitsisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoitsisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoitsisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitsisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             urakoida
urakoisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitsisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitsisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitsisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitsisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitsisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitsisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoi                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoitse                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoikoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoikaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoikaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoikoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urakoida
urakoi                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitse                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoiko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urakoida
urakoida                                :Inf1:                    urakoida
urakoidakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  urakoida
urakoidessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urakoida
urakoitaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urakoida
urakoiden                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urakoida
urakoimassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urakoida
urakoitsemassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urakoida
urakoimasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urakoida
urakoitsemasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urakoida
urakoimaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urakoida
urakoitsemaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urakoida
urakoimalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urakoida
urakoitsemalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urakoida
urakoimatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urakoida
urakoitsematta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urakoida
urakoiman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urakoida
urakoitaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urakoida
urakoiminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                urakoida
urakoitseminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                urakoida
urakoimista                             :Inf4:Par:                urakoida
urakoitsemista                          :Inf4:Par:                urakoida
urakoimaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    urakoida
urakoitsemaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    urakoida
urakoiva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urakoida
urakoitseva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urakoida
urakoitava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urakoida
urakoinut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             urakoida
urakoitu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             urakoida
urakoima                                :Cip:Age:                 urakoida
urakoitsema                             :Cip:Age:                 urakoida
urakoimaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             urakoida
urakoitsematon                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             urakoida
urakoinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urakoida
urakoinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urakoida
urakoinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             urakoida
urakoinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoinut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoinut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urakoida
urakoineet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urakoida
urakoitu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             urakoida
urakoinut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoineet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urakoida
urakoitu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urakoida
urakoija                                :S:Nom:                   urakoija
urakoijan                               :S:Gen:                   urakoija
urakoijaa                               :S:Par:                   urakoija
urakoijassa                             :S:Ine:                   urakoija
urakoijasta                             :S:Ela:                   urakoija
urakoijaan                              :S:Ill:                   urakoija
urakoijalla                             :S:Ade:                   urakoija
urakoijalta                             :S:Abl:                   urakoija
urakoijalle                             :S:All:                   urakoija
urakoijana                              :S:Ess:                   urakoija
urakoijaksi                             :S:Tra:                   urakoija
urakoijatta                             :S:Abe:                   urakoija
urakoijat                               :P:Nom:                   urakoija
urakoijien                              :P:Gen:                   urakoija
urakoijain                              :P:Gen:                   urakoija
urakoijia                               :P:Par:                   urakoija
urakoijissa                             :P:Ine:                   urakoija
urakoijista                             :P:Ela:                   urakoija
urakoijiin                              :P:Ill:                   urakoija
urakoijilla                             :P:Ade:                   urakoija
urakoijilta                             :P:Abl:                   urakoija
urakoijille                             :P:All:                   urakoija
urakoijina                              :P:Ess:                   urakoija
urakoijiksi                             :P:Tra:                   urakoija
urakoijin                               :P:Ins:                   urakoija
urakoijitta                             :P:Abe:                   urakoija
urakoijine                              :P:Kom:                   urakoija
urakointi                               :S:Nom:                   urakointi
urakoinnin                              :S:Gen:                   urakointi
urakointia                              :S:Par:                   urakointi
urakoinnissa                            :S:Ine:                   urakointi
urakoinnista                            :S:Ela:                   urakointi
urakointiin                             :S:Ill:                   urakointi
urakoinnilla                            :S:Ade:                   urakointi
urakoinnilta                            :S:Abl:                   urakointi
urakoinnille                            :S:All:                   urakointi
urakointina                             :S:Ess:                   urakointi
urakoinniksi                            :S:Tra:                   urakointi
urakoinnitta                            :S:Abe:                   urakointi
urakoinnit                              :P:Nom:                   urakointi
urakointien                             :P:Gen:                   urakointi
urakointeja                             :P:Par:                   urakointi
urakoinneissa                           :P:Ine:                   urakointi
urakoinneista                           :P:Ela:                   urakointi
urakointeihin                           :P:Ill:                   urakointi
urakoinneilla                           :P:Ade:                   urakointi
urakoinneilta                           :P:Abl:                   urakointi
urakoinneille                           :P:All:                   urakointi
urakointeina                            :P:Ess:                   urakointi
urakoinneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urakointi
urakoinnein                             :P:Ins:                   urakointi
urakoinneitta                           :P:Abe:                   urakointi
urakointeine                            :P:Kom:                   urakointi
urakointiliike                          :S:Nom:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeen                       :S:Gen:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikettä                       :S:Par:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeessä                     :S:Ine:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeestä                     :S:Ela:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeeseen                    :S:Ill:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeellä                     :S:Ade:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeeltä                     :S:Abl:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeelle                     :S:All:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeenä                      :S:Ess:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeeksi                     :S:Tra:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeettä                     :S:Abe:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeet                       :P:Nom:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeiden                     :P:Gen:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikeitten                     :P:Gen:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeitä                      :P:Par:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeissä                     :P:Ine:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeistä                     :P:Ela:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeisiin                    :P:Ill:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeihin                     :P:Ill:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeillä                     :P:Ade:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeiltä                     :P:Abl:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeille                     :P:All:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeinä                      :P:Ess:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkein                       :P:Ins:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeittä                     :P:Abe:                   urakointiliike
urakointiliikkeine                      :P:Kom:                   urakointiliike
urakoitsija                             :S:Nom:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijan                            :S:Gen:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijaa                            :S:Par:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijassa                          :S:Ine:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijasta                          :S:Ela:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijaan                           :S:Ill:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijalla                          :S:Ade:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijalta                          :S:Abl:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijalle                          :S:All:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijana                           :S:Ess:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijaksi                          :S:Tra:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijatta                          :S:Abe:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijat                            :P:Nom:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoiden                         :P:Gen:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoitten                        :P:Gen:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijain                           :P:Gen:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoita                          :P:Par:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoissa                         :P:Ine:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoista                         :P:Ela:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoihin                         :P:Ill:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoilla                         :P:Ade:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoilta                         :P:Abl:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoille                         :P:All:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoina                          :P:Ess:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoin                           :P:Ins:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoitta                         :P:Abe:                   urakoitsija
urakoitsijoine                          :P:Kom:                   urakoitsija
uralilainen                             :S:Nom:                   uralilainen
uralilaisen                             :S:Gen:                   uralilainen
uralilaista                             :S:Par:                   uralilainen
uralilaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   uralilainen
uralilaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   uralilainen
uralilaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   uralilainen
uralilaisella                           :S:Ade:                   uralilainen
uralilaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   uralilainen
uralilaiselle                           :S:All:                   uralilainen
uralilaisena                            :S:Ess:                   uralilainen
uralilaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uralilainen
uralilaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   uralilainen
uralilaiset                             :P:Nom:                   uralilainen
uralilaisten                            :P:Gen:                   uralilainen
uralilaisin                             :P:Gen:                   uralilainen
uralilaisia                             :P:Par:                   uralilainen
uralilaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   uralilainen
uralilaisista                           :P:Ela:                   uralilainen
uralilaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uralilainen
uralilaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   uralilainen
uralilaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   uralilainen
uralilaisille                           :P:All:                   uralilainen
uralilaisina                            :P:Ess:                   uralilainen
uralilaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uralilainen
uralilaisin                             :P:Ins:                   uralilainen
uralilaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   uralilainen
uralilaisine                            :P:Kom:                   uralilainen
uranainen                               :S:Nom:                   uranainen
uranaisen                               :S:Gen:                   uranainen
uranaista                               :S:Par:                   uranainen
uranaisessa                             :S:Ine:                   uranainen
uranaisesta                             :S:Ela:                   uranainen
uranaiseen                              :S:Ill:                   uranainen
uranaisella                             :S:Ade:                   uranainen
uranaiselta                             :S:Abl:                   uranainen
uranaiselle                             :S:All:                   uranainen
uranaisena                              :S:Ess:                   uranainen
uranaiseksi                             :S:Tra:                   uranainen
uranaisetta                             :S:Abe:                   uranainen
uranaiset                               :P:Nom:                   uranainen
uranaisten                              :P:Gen:                   uranainen
uranaisin                               :P:Gen:                   uranainen
uranaisia                               :P:Par:                   uranainen
uranaisissa                             :P:Ine:                   uranainen
uranaisista                             :P:Ela:                   uranainen
uranaisiin                              :P:Ill:                   uranainen
uranaisilla                             :P:Ade:                   uranainen
uranaisilta                             :P:Abl:                   uranainen
uranaisille                             :P:All:                   uranainen
uranaisina                              :P:Ess:                   uranainen
uranaisiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uranainen
uranaisin                               :P:Ins:                   uranainen
uranaisitta                             :P:Abe:                   uranainen
uranaisine                              :P:Kom:                   uranainen
uranauha                                :S:Nom:                   uranauha
uranauhan                               :S:Gen:                   uranauha
uranauhaa                               :S:Par:                   uranauha
uranauhassa                             :S:Ine:                   uranauha
uranauhasta                             :S:Ela:                   uranauha
uranauhaan                              :S:Ill:                   uranauha
uranauhalla                             :S:Ade:                   uranauha
uranauhalta                             :S:Abl:                   uranauha
uranauhalle                             :S:All:                   uranauha
uranauhana                              :S:Ess:                   uranauha
uranauhaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uranauha
uranauhatta                             :S:Abe:                   uranauha
uranauhat                               :P:Nom:                   uranauha
uranauhojen                             :P:Gen:                   uranauha
uranauhain                              :P:Gen:                   uranauha
uranauhoja                              :P:Par:                   uranauha
uranauhoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uranauha
uranauhoista                            :P:Ela:                   uranauha
uranauhoihin                            :P:Ill:                   uranauha
uranauhoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uranauha
uranauhoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uranauha
uranauhoille                            :P:All:                   uranauha
uranauhoina                             :P:Ess:                   uranauha
uranauhoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uranauha
uranauhoin                              :P:Ins:                   uranauha
uranauhoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uranauha
uranauhoine                             :P:Kom:                   uranauha
uranuurtaja                             :S:Nom:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajan                            :S:Gen:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajaa                            :S:Par:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajassa                          :S:Ine:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajasta                          :S:Ela:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajaan                           :S:Ill:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajalla                          :S:Ade:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajalta                          :S:Abl:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajalle                          :S:All:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajana                           :S:Ess:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajatta                          :S:Abe:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajat                            :P:Nom:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajien                           :P:Gen:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajain                           :P:Gen:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajia                            :P:Par:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajissa                          :P:Ine:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajista                          :P:Ela:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajiin                           :P:Ill:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajilla                          :P:Ade:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajilta                          :P:Abl:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajille                          :P:All:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajina                           :P:Ess:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajin                            :P:Ins:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajitta                          :P:Abe:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajine                           :P:Kom:                   uranuurtaja
uranuurtajantyö                         :S:Nom:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyön                        :S:Gen:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyötä                       :S:Par:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyössä                      :S:Ine:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyöstä                      :S:Ela:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyöhön                      :S:Ill:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyöllä                      :S:Ade:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyöltä                      :S:Abl:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyölle                      :S:All:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyönä                       :S:Ess:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyöksi                      :S:Tra:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyöttä                      :S:Abe:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantyöt                        :P:Nom:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöiden                      :P:Gen:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöitten                     :P:Gen:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöitä                       :P:Par:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöissä                      :P:Ine:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöistä                      :P:Ela:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöihin                      :P:Ill:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöillä                      :P:Ade:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöille                      :P:All:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöinä                       :P:Ess:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöin                        :P:Ins:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöittä                      :P:Abe:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranuurtajantöine                       :P:Kom:                   uranuurtajantyö
uranvalinta                             :S:Nom:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnan                            :S:Gen:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintaa                            :S:Par:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnassa                          :S:Ine:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnasta                          :S:Ela:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintaan                           :S:Ill:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnalla                          :S:Ade:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnalta                          :S:Abl:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnalle                          :S:All:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintana                           :S:Ess:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnatta                          :S:Abe:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnat                            :P:Nom:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintojen                          :P:Gen:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintain                           :P:Gen:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintoja                           :P:Par:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnoissa                         :P:Ine:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnoista                         :P:Ela:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintoihin                         :P:Ill:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnoilla                         :P:Ade:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnoilta                         :P:Abl:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnoille                         :P:All:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintoina                          :P:Ess:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnoin                           :P:Ins:                   uranvalinta
uranvalinnoitta                         :P:Abe:                   uranvalinta
uranvalintoine                          :P:Kom:                   uranvalinta
urapaikkaus                             :S:Nom:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksen                          :S:Gen:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkausta                           :S:Par:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksessa                        :S:Ine:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksesta                        :S:Ela:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkaukseen                         :S:Ill:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksella                        :S:Ade:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkaukselta                        :S:Abl:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkaukselle                        :S:All:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksena                         :S:Ess:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkaukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksetta                        :S:Abe:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkaukset                          :P:Nom:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkausten                          :P:Gen:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksien                         :P:Gen:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksia                          :P:Par:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksissa                        :P:Ine:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksista                        :P:Ela:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksiin                         :P:Ill:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksilla                        :P:Ade:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksilta                        :P:Abl:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksille                        :P:All:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksina                         :P:Ess:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksin                          :P:Ins:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksitta                        :P:Abe:                   urapaikkaus
urapaikkauksine                         :P:Kom:                   urapaikkaus
uraputki                                :S:Nom:                   uraputki
uraputken                               :S:Gen:                   uraputki
uraputkea                               :S:Par:                   uraputki
uraputkessa                             :S:Ine:                   uraputki
uraputkesta                             :S:Ela:                   uraputki
uraputkeen                              :S:Ill:                   uraputki
uraputkella                             :S:Ade:                   uraputki
uraputkelta                             :S:Abl:                   uraputki
uraputkelle                             :S:All:                   uraputki
uraputkena                              :S:Ess:                   uraputki
uraputkeksi                             :S:Tra:                   uraputki
uraputketta                             :S:Abe:                   uraputki
uraputket                               :P:Nom:                   uraputki
uraputkien                              :P:Gen:                   uraputki
uraputkia                               :P:Par:                   uraputki
uraputkissa                             :P:Ine:                   uraputki
uraputkista                             :P:Ela:                   uraputki
uraputkiin                              :P:Ill:                   uraputki
uraputkilla                             :P:Ade:                   uraputki
uraputkilta                             :P:Abl:                   uraputki
uraputkille                             :P:All:                   uraputki
uraputkina                              :P:Ess:                   uraputki
uraputkiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uraputki
uraputkin                               :P:Ins:                   uraputki
uraputkitta                             :P:Abe:                   uraputki
uraputkine                              :P:Kom:                   uraputki
uraruuvi                                :S:Nom:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvin                               :S:Gen:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvia                               :S:Par:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvissa                             :S:Ine:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvista                             :S:Ela:                   uraruuvi
uraruuviin                              :S:Ill:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvilla                             :S:Ade:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvilta                             :S:Abl:                   uraruuvi
uraruuville                             :S:All:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvina                              :S:Ess:                   uraruuvi
uraruuviksi                             :S:Tra:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvitta                             :S:Abe:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvit                               :P:Nom:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvien                              :P:Gen:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveja                              :P:Par:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveissa                            :P:Ine:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveista                            :P:Ela:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveihin                            :P:Ill:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveilla                            :P:Ade:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveilta                            :P:Abl:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveille                            :P:All:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveina                             :P:Ess:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uraruuvi
uraruuvein                              :P:Ins:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveitta                            :P:Abe:                   uraruuvi
uraruuveine                             :P:Kom:                   uraruuvi
urasuunnittelu                          :S:Nom:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelun                         :S:Gen:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelua                         :S:Par:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelussa                       :S:Ine:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelusta                       :S:Ela:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluun                        :S:Ill:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelulla                       :S:Ade:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelulta                       :S:Abl:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelulle                       :S:All:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluna                        :S:Ess:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluksi                       :S:Tra:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelutta                       :S:Abe:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelut                         :P:Nom:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnittelujen                       :P:Gen:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluiden                      :P:Gen:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluitten                     :P:Gen:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluja                        :P:Par:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluita                       :P:Par:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluissa                      :P:Ine:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluista                      :P:Ela:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluihin                      :P:Ill:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluilla                      :P:Ade:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluilta                      :P:Abl:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluille                      :P:All:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluina                       :P:Ess:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluiksi                      :P:Tra:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluin                        :P:Ins:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluitta                      :P:Abe:                   urasuunnittelu
urasuunnitteluine                       :P:Kom:                   urasuunnittelu
urautan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urauttaa
urautat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urauttaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urautamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urautatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urauttaa
urauta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauteta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
urautin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urauttaa
urautit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urautti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urautimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urautitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
urauttanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urauttaa
urauttanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urauttanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urauttanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urauttanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
urauttaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urauttaa
urauttaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urauttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urauttaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urauttaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
urauta                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urauttakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urauttakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urauttakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urauttaa
urauta                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttaa                                :Inf1:                    urauttaa
urauttaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  urauttaa
urauttaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urauttaa
urautettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urauttaa
urauttaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urauttaa
urauttamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urauttaa
urauttamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urauttaa
urauttamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urauttaa
urauttamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urauttaa
urauttamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urauttaa
urauttaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urauttaa
urautettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urauttaa
urauttaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                urauttaa
urauttamista                            :Inf4:Par:                urauttaa
urauttamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    urauttaa
urauttava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urauttaa
urautettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             urauttaa
urautettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttama                               :Cip:Age:                 urauttaa
urauttamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urauttaa
urautettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             urauttaa
urauttanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urauttaa
urauttaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urauttaa
urautettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urauttaa
uraudun                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urautua
uraudut                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautuu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urautua
uraudumme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urautua
uraudutte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautuvat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urautua
uraudutaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urautua
uraudu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urautua
uraudu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
uraudu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
uraudu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
uraudu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
uraudu                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urautua
urauduin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urautua
urauduit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautui                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urautua
urauduimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urautua
urauduitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautuivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urautua
urautunen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urautua
urautunet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautunee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urautua
urautunemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urautua
urautunette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautunevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urautua
urautune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urautua
urautune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
urautune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
urautune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
urautune                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urautua
urautuisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urautua
urautuisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urautua
urautuisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urautua
urautuisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautuisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             urautua
urautuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urautua
urautuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
urautuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
urautuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
urautuisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urautua
uraudu                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautukoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urautua
urautukaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urautua
urautukaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautukoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urautua
uraudu                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
urautuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
urautuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
urautuko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urautua
urautua                                 :Inf1:                    urautua
urautuakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  urautua
urautuessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urautua
urauduttaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urautua
urautuen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urautua
urautumassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urautua
urautumasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urautua
urautumaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urautua
urautumalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urautua
urautumatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urautua
urautuman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urautua
urauduttaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urautua
urautuminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                urautua
urautumista                             :Inf4:Par:                urautua
urautumaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    urautua
urautuva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urautua
urauduttava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urautua
urautunut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             urautua
urauduttu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             urautua
urautuma                                :Cip:Age:                 urautua
urautumaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urautua
urautunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urautua
urautunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             urautua
urautunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urautua
urautunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urautua
urautunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urautua
urautunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             urautua
urautunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urautua
urautunut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urautua
urautunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urautua
urautuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urautua
urauduttu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             urautua
urautunut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urautua
urautuneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urautua
urauduttu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urautua
urbaani                                 :S:Nom:                   urbaani
urbaanin                                :S:Gen:                   urbaani
urbaania                                :S:Par:                   urbaani
urbaanissa                              :S:Ine:                   urbaani
urbaanista                              :S:Ela:                   urbaani
urbaaniin                               :S:Ill:                   urbaani
urbaanilla                              :S:Ade:                   urbaani
urbaanilta                              :S:Abl:                   urbaani
urbaanille                              :S:All:                   urbaani
urbaanina                               :S:Ess:                   urbaani
urbaaniksi                              :S:Tra:                   urbaani
urbaanitta                              :S:Abe:                   urbaani
urbaanit                                :P:Nom:                   urbaani
urbaanien                               :P:Gen:                   urbaani
urbaaneiden                             :P:Gen:                   urbaani
urbaaneitten                            :P:Gen:                   urbaani
urbaaneja                               :P:Par:                   urbaani
urbaaneita                              :P:Par:                   urbaani
urbaaneissa                             :P:Ine:                   urbaani
urbaaneista                             :P:Ela:                   urbaani
urbaaneihin                             :P:Ill:                   urbaani
urbaaneilla                             :P:Ade:                   urbaani
urbaaneilta                             :P:Abl:                   urbaani
urbaaneille                             :P:All:                   urbaani
urbaaneina                              :P:Ess:                   urbaani
urbaaneiksi                             :P:Tra:                   urbaani
urbaanein                               :P:Ins:                   urbaani
urbaaneitta                             :P:Abe:                   urbaani
urbaaneine                              :P:Kom:                   urbaani
urbaaninen                              :S:Nom:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisen                              :S:Gen:                   urbaaninen
urbaanista                              :S:Par:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisessa                            :S:Ine:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisesta                            :S:Ela:                   urbaaninen
urbaaniseen                             :S:Ill:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisella                            :S:Ade:                   urbaaninen
urbaaniselta                            :S:Abl:                   urbaaninen
urbaaniselle                            :S:All:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisena                             :S:Ess:                   urbaaninen
urbaaniseksi                            :S:Tra:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisetta                            :S:Abe:                   urbaaninen
urbaaniset                              :P:Nom:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisten                             :P:Gen:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisin                              :P:Gen:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisia                              :P:Par:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisissa                            :P:Ine:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisista                            :P:Ela:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisiin                             :P:Ill:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisilla                            :P:Ade:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisilta                            :P:Abl:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisille                            :P:All:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisina                             :P:Ess:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisin                              :P:Ins:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisitta                            :P:Abe:                   urbaaninen
urbaanisine                             :P:Kom:                   urbaaninen
urbaanistun                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistut                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistumme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistutte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuvat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistutaan                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuta                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanistuin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistui                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanistunen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttaneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttane                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanistuisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttaisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttaisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanistu                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistukoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistukaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistukaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistukoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistu                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttako                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistua                             :Inf1:                    urbaanistua
urbaanistuakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  urbaanistua
urbaanistuessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urbaanistua
urbaanistuttaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urbaanistua
urbaanistuen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urbaanistua
urbaanistumassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urbaanistua
urbaanistumasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urbaanistua
urbaanistumaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urbaanistua
urbaanistumalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urbaanistua
urbaanistumatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urbaanistua
urbaanistuman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urbaanistua
urbaanistuttaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urbaanistua
urbaanistuminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                urbaanistua
urbaanistumista                         :Inf4:Par:                urbaanistua
urbaanistumaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    urbaanistua
urbaanistuva                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urbaanistua
urbaanistuttava                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistuma                            :Cip:Age:                 urbaanistua
urbaanistumaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Con:Per:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             urbaanistua
urbaanistunut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbaanistua
urbaanistuttu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urbaanistua
urbaanisuus                             :S:Nom:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuden                           :S:Gen:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuutta                           :S:Par:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuudella                         :S:Ade:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuudelle                         :S:All:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuutena                          :S:Ess:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuutta                           :S:Abe:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuudet                           :P:Nom:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksia                          :P:Par:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksille                        :P:All:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanisuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   urbaanisuus
urbaanius                               :S:Nom:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuden                             :S:Gen:                   urbaanius
urbaaniutta                             :S:Par:                   urbaanius
urbaaniudessa                           :S:Ine:                   urbaanius
urbaaniudesta                           :S:Ela:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuteen                            :S:Ill:                   urbaanius
urbaaniudella                           :S:Ade:                   urbaanius
urbaaniudelta                           :S:Abl:                   urbaanius
urbaaniudelle                           :S:All:                   urbaanius
urbaaniutena                            :S:Ess:                   urbaanius
urbaaniudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   urbaanius
urbaaniutta                             :S:Abe:                   urbaanius
urbaaniudet                             :P:Nom:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksien                           :P:Gen:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksia                            :P:Par:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksista                          :P:Ela:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksille                          :P:All:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksina                           :P:Ess:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksin                            :P:Ins:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   urbaanius
urbaaniuksine                           :P:Kom:                   urbaanius
urbanisaatio                            :S:Nom:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaation                           :S:Gen:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatiota                          :S:Par:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatiossa                         :S:Ine:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatiosta                         :S:Ela:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioon                          :S:Ill:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatiolla                         :S:Ade:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatiolta                         :S:Abl:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatiolle                         :S:All:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaationa                          :S:Ess:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioksi                         :S:Tra:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatiotta                         :S:Abe:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatiot                           :P:Nom:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioiden                        :P:Gen:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioitten                       :P:Gen:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioita                         :P:Par:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioissa                        :P:Ine:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioista                        :P:Ela:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioihin                        :P:Ill:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioilla                        :P:Ade:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioilta                        :P:Abl:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioille                        :P:All:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioina                         :P:Ess:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioin                          :P:Ins:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioitta                        :P:Abe:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisaatioine                         :P:Kom:                   urbanisaatio
urbanisoidun                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoidut                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoidumme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoidutte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituvat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoidutaan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoidu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoidu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoidu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoidu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoidu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoidu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduta                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitui                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituivat                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urbanisoidu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitukoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitukaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitukaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitukoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoidu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitua                            :Inf1:                    urbanisoitua
urbanisoituakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  urbanisoitua
urbanisoituessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoituen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoitumassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoitumasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoitumaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoitumalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoitumatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoituman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urbanisoitua
urbanisoituminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                urbanisoitua
urbanisoitumista                        :Inf4:Par:                urbanisoitua
urbanisoitumaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    urbanisoitua
urbanisoituva                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoituma                           :Cip:Age:                 urbanisoitua
urbanisoitumaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             urbanisoitua
urbanisoitunut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoituneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urbanisoitua
urbanisoiduttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urbanisoitua
urea                                    :S:Nom:                   urea
urean                                   :S:Gen:                   urea
ureaa                                   :S:Par:                   urea
ureassa                                 :S:Ine:                   urea
ureasta                                 :S:Ela:                   urea
ureaan                                  :S:Ill:                   urea
urealla                                 :S:Ade:                   urea
urealta                                 :S:Abl:                   urea
urealle                                 :S:All:                   urea
ureana                                  :S:Ess:                   urea
ureaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   urea
ureatta                                 :S:Abe:                   urea
ureat                                   :P:Nom:                   urea
ureoiden                                :P:Gen:                   urea
ureoitten                               :P:Gen:                   urea
ureain                                  :P:Gen:                   urea
ureoita                                 :P:Par:                   urea
ureoissa                                :P:Ine:                   urea
ureoista                                :P:Ela:                   urea
ureoihin                                :P:Ill:                   urea
ureoilla                                :P:Ade:                   urea
ureoilta                                :P:Abl:                   urea
ureoille                                :P:All:                   urea
ureoina                                 :P:Ess:                   urea
ureoiksi                                :P:Tra:                   urea
ureoin                                  :P:Ins:                   urea
ureoitta                                :P:Abe:                   urea
ureoine                                 :P:Kom:                   urea
urhea                                   :S:Nom:                   urhea
urhean                                  :S:Gen:                   urhea
urheaa                                  :S:Par:                   urhea
urheassa                                :S:Ine:                   urhea
urheasta                                :S:Ela:                   urhea
urheaan                                 :S:Ill:                   urhea
urhealla                                :S:Ade:                   urhea
urhealta                                :S:Abl:                   urhea
urhealle                                :S:All:                   urhea
urheana                                 :S:Ess:                   urhea
urheaksi                                :S:Tra:                   urhea
urheatta                                :S:Abe:                   urhea
urheat                                  :P:Nom:                   urhea
urheiden                                :P:Gen:                   urhea
urheitten                               :P:Gen:                   urhea
urheain                                 :P:Gen:                   urhea
urheita                                 :P:Par:                   urhea
urheissa                                :P:Ine:                   urhea
urheista                                :P:Ela:                   urhea
urheisiin                               :P:Ill:                   urhea
urheihin                                :P:Ill:                   urhea
urheilla                                :P:Ade:                   urhea
urheilta                                :P:Abl:                   urhea
urheille                                :P:All:                   urhea
urheina                                 :P:Ess:                   urhea
urheiksi                                :P:Tra:                   urhea
urhein                                  :P:Ins:                   urhea
urheitta                                :P:Abe:                   urhea
urheine                                 :P:Kom:                   urhea
urheilija                               :S:Nom:                   urheilija
urheilijan                              :S:Gen:                   urheilija
urheilijaa                              :S:Par:                   urheilija
urheilijassa                            :S:Ine:                   urheilija
urheilijasta                            :S:Ela:                   urheilija
urheilijaan                             :S:Ill:                   urheilija
urheilijalla                            :S:Ade:                   urheilija
urheilijalta                            :S:Abl:                   urheilija
urheilijalle                            :S:All:                   urheilija
urheilijana                             :S:Ess:                   urheilija
urheilijaksi                            :S:Tra:                   urheilija
urheilijatta                            :S:Abe:                   urheilija
urheilijat                              :P:Nom:                   urheilija
urheilijoiden                           :P:Gen:                   urheilija
urheilijoitten                          :P:Gen:                   urheilija
urheilijain                             :P:Gen:                   urheilija
urheilijoita                            :P:Par:                   urheilija
urheilijoissa                           :P:Ine:                   urheilija
urheilijoista                           :P:Ela:                   urheilija
urheilijoihin                           :P:Ill:                   urheilija
urheilijoilla                           :P:Ade:                   urheilija
urheilijoilta                           :P:Abl:                   urheilija
urheilijoille                           :P:All:                   urheilija
urheilijoina                            :P:Ess:                   urheilija
urheilijoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urheilija
urheilijoin                             :P:Ins:                   urheilija
urheilijoitta                           :P:Abe:                   urheilija
urheilijoine                            :P:Kom:                   urheilija
urheilijansydän                         :S:Nom:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämen                       :S:Gen:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydäntä                       :S:Par:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämessä                     :S:Ine:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämestä                     :S:Ela:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämeen                      :S:Ill:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämellä                     :S:Ade:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämeltä                     :S:Abl:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämelle                     :S:All:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämenä                      :S:Ess:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämeksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämettä                     :S:Abe:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämet                       :P:Nom:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämien                      :P:Gen:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydänten                      :P:Gen:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämiä                       :P:Par:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämissä                     :P:Ine:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämistä                     :P:Ela:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämiin                      :P:Ill:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämillä                     :P:Ade:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämiltä                     :P:Abl:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämille                     :P:All:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydäminä                      :P:Ess:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämin                       :P:Ins:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämittä                     :P:Abe:                   urheilijansydän
urheilijansydämine                      :P:Kom:                   urheilijansydän
urheilen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urheilla
urheilet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheilee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheilette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheilevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheillaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urheilla
urheile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urheilla
urheile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilla                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheilin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urheilla
urheilit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheili                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheilitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheilivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheillen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urheilla
urheillet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheillee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheillemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheillette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheillevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urheilla
urheille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urheilla
urheille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheilisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urheilla
urheilisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheilisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheilisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             urheilla
urheilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urheilla
urheilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheilkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheilkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheilkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urheilla
urheile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urheilla
urheilla                                :Inf1:                    urheilla
urheillakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  urheilla
urheillessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urheilla
urheiltaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urheilla
urheillen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urheilla
urheilemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urheilla
urheilemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urheilla
urheilemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urheilla
urheilemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urheilla
urheilematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urheilla
urheileman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urheilla
urheiltaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urheilla
urheileminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                urheilla
urheilemista                            :Inf4:Par:                urheilla
urheilemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    urheilla
urheileva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urheilla
urheiltava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urheilla
urheillut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             urheilla
urheiltu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             urheilla
urheilema                               :Cip:Age:                 urheilla
urheilematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urheilla
urheillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             urheilla
urheillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urheilla
urheillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urheilla
urheillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             urheilla
urheillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urheilla
urheillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urheilla
urheilleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urheilla
urheiltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             urheilla
urheillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urheilla
urheilleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urheilla
urheiltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urheilla
urheilu                                 :S:Nom:                   urheilu
urheilun                                :S:Gen:                   urheilu
urheilua                                :S:Par:                   urheilu
urheilussa                              :S:Ine:                   urheilu
urheilusta                              :S:Ela:                   urheilu
urheiluun                               :S:Ill:                   urheilu
urheilulla                              :S:Ade:                   urheilu
urheilulta                              :S:Abl:                   urheilu
urheilulle                              :S:All:                   urheilu
urheiluna                               :S:Ess:                   urheilu
urheiluksi                              :S:Tra:                   urheilu
urheilutta                              :S:Abe:                   urheilu
urheilut                                :P:Nom:                   urheilu
urheilujen                              :P:Gen:                   urheilu
urheiluiden                             :P:Gen:                   urheilu
urheiluitten                            :P:Gen:                   urheilu
urheiluja                               :P:Par:                   urheilu
urheiluita                              :P:Par:                   urheilu
urheiluissa                             :P:Ine:                   urheilu
urheiluista                             :P:Ela:                   urheilu
urheiluihin                             :P:Ill:                   urheilu
urheiluilla                             :P:Ade:                   urheilu
urheiluilta                             :P:Abl:                   urheilu
urheiluille                             :P:All:                   urheilu
urheiluina                              :P:Ess:                   urheilu
urheiluiksi                             :P:Tra:                   urheilu
urheiluin                               :P:Ins:                   urheilu
urheiluitta                             :P:Abe:                   urheilu
urheiluine                              :P:Kom:                   urheilu
urheiluammunta                          :S:Nom:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnan                         :S:Gen:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntaa                         :S:Par:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnassa                       :S:Ine:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnasta                       :S:Ela:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntaan                        :S:Ill:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnalla                       :S:Ade:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnalta                       :S:Abl:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnalle                       :S:All:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntana                        :S:Ess:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnaksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnatta                       :S:Abe:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnat                         :P:Nom:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntojen                       :P:Gen:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntain                        :P:Gen:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntoja                        :P:Par:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnoissa                      :P:Ine:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnoista                      :P:Ela:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntoihin                      :P:Ill:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnoilla                      :P:Ade:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnoilta                      :P:Abl:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnoille                      :P:All:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntoina                       :P:Ess:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnoin                        :P:Ins:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammunnoitta                      :P:Abe:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluammuntoine                       :P:Kom:                   urheiluammunta
urheiluauto                             :S:Nom:                   urheiluauto
urheiluauton                            :S:Gen:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoa                            :S:Par:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautossa                          :S:Ine:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautosta                          :S:Ela:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoon                           :S:Ill:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautolla                          :S:Ade:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautolta                          :S:Abl:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautolle                          :S:All:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautona                           :S:Ess:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoksi                          :S:Tra:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautotta                          :S:Abe:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautot                            :P:Nom:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautojen                          :P:Gen:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoja                           :P:Par:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoista                         :P:Ela:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoihin                         :P:Ill:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoille                         :P:All:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoina                          :P:Ess:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoin                           :P:Ins:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoine                          :P:Kom:                   urheiluauto
urheiluautoilija                        :S:Nom:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijan                       :S:Gen:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijaa                       :S:Par:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijassa                     :S:Ine:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijasta                     :S:Ela:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijaan                      :S:Ill:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijalla                     :S:Ade:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijalta                     :S:Abl:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijalle                     :S:All:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijana                      :S:Ess:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijaksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijatta                     :S:Abe:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijat                       :P:Nom:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoiden                    :P:Gen:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoitten                   :P:Gen:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijain                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoita                     :P:Par:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoista                    :P:Ela:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoihin                    :P:Ill:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoille                    :P:All:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoina                     :P:Ess:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoin                      :P:Ins:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluautoilijoine                     :P:Kom:                   urheiluautoilija
urheiluennätys                          :S:Nom:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksen                       :S:Gen:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätystä                        :S:Par:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksessä                     :S:Ine:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksestä                     :S:Ela:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätykseen                      :S:Ill:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksellä                     :S:Ade:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätykselle                     :S:All:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksenä                      :S:Ess:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksettä                     :S:Abe:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätykset                       :P:Nom:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätysten                       :P:Gen:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksien                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksiä                       :P:Par:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksille                     :P:All:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksin                       :P:Ins:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluennätyksine                      :P:Kom:                   urheiluennätys
urheiluhalli                            :S:Nom:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallin                           :S:Gen:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallia                           :S:Par:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallissa                         :S:Ine:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallista                         :S:Ela:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalliin                          :S:Ill:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallilla                         :S:Ade:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallilta                         :S:Abl:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallille                         :S:All:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallina                          :S:Ess:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalliksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallitta                         :S:Abe:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallit                           :P:Nom:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallien                          :P:Gen:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleja                          :P:Par:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleista                        :P:Ela:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleille                        :P:All:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleina                         :P:Ess:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhallein                          :P:Ins:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhalleine                         :P:Kom:                   urheiluhalli
urheiluhenkinen                         :S:Nom:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisen                         :S:Gen:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkistä                         :S:Par:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisessä                       :S:Ine:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisestä                       :S:Ela:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkiseen                        :S:Ill:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisellä                       :S:Ade:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkiselle                       :S:All:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisenä                        :S:Ess:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisettä                       :S:Abe:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkiset                         :P:Nom:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisten                        :P:Gen:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisin                         :P:Gen:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisiä                         :P:Par:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisissä                       :P:Ine:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisistä                       :P:Ela:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisiin                        :P:Ill:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisillä                       :P:Ade:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisille                       :P:All:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisinä                        :P:Ess:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisin                         :P:Ins:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisittä                       :P:Abe:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhenkisine                        :P:Kom:                   urheiluhenkinen
urheiluhieroja                          :S:Nom:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojan                         :S:Gen:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojaa                         :S:Par:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojassa                       :S:Ine:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojasta                       :S:Ela:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojaan                        :S:Ill:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojalla                       :S:Ade:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojalta                       :S:Abl:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojalle                       :S:All:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojana                        :S:Ess:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojaksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojatta                       :S:Abe:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojat                         :P:Nom:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojien                        :P:Gen:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojain                        :P:Gen:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojia                         :P:Par:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojissa                       :P:Ine:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojista                       :P:Ela:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojiin                        :P:Ill:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojilla                       :P:Ade:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojilta                       :P:Abl:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojille                       :P:All:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojina                        :P:Ess:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojin                         :P:Ins:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojitta                       :P:Abe:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhierojine                        :P:Kom:                   urheiluhieroja
urheiluhousu                            :S:Nom:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousun                           :S:Gen:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousua                           :S:Par:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousussa                         :S:Ine:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhoususta                         :S:Ela:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuun                          :S:Ill:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousulla                         :S:Ade:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousulta                         :S:Abl:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousulle                         :S:All:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuna                          :S:Ess:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousutta                         :S:Abe:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousut                           :P:Nom:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousujen                         :P:Gen:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuja                          :P:Par:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuista                        :P:Ela:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuille                        :P:All:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuina                         :P:Ess:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuin                          :P:Ins:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhousuine                         :P:Kom:                   urheiluhousut
urheiluhullu                            :S:Nom:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullun                           :S:Gen:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullua                           :S:Par:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullussa                         :S:Ine:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullusta                         :S:Ela:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluun                          :S:Ill:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullulla                         :S:Ade:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullulta                         :S:Abl:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullulle                         :S:All:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluna                          :S:Ess:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullutta                         :S:Abe:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullut                           :P:Nom:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhullujen                         :P:Gen:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluja                          :P:Par:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluista                        :P:Ela:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluille                        :P:All:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluina                         :P:Ess:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluin                          :P:Ins:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluhulluine                         :P:Kom:                   urheiluhullu
urheiluilmailu                          :S:Nom:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailun                         :S:Gen:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailua                         :S:Par:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailussa                       :S:Ine:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailusta                       :S:Ela:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuun                        :S:Ill:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailulla                       :S:Ade:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailulta                       :S:Abl:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailulle                       :S:All:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuna                        :S:Ess:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailutta                       :S:Abe:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailut                         :P:Nom:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailujen                       :P:Gen:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuiden                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuitten                     :P:Gen:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuja                        :P:Par:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuita                       :P:Par:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuissa                      :P:Ine:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuista                      :P:Ela:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuihin                      :P:Ill:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuilla                      :P:Ade:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuilta                      :P:Abl:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuille                      :P:All:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuina                       :P:Ess:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuiksi                      :P:Tra:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuin                        :P:Ins:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuitta                      :P:Abe:                   urheiluilmailu
urheiluilmailuine                       :P:Kom:                   urheiluilmailu
urheilujohtaja                          :S:Nom:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajan                         :S:Gen:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajaa                         :S:Par:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajassa                       :S:Ine:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajasta                       :S:Ela:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajaan                        :S:Ill:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajalla                       :S:Ade:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajalta                       :S:Abl:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajalle                       :S:All:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajana                        :S:Ess:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajaksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajatta                       :S:Abe:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajat                         :P:Nom:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajien                        :P:Gen:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajain                        :P:Gen:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajia                         :P:Par:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajissa                       :P:Ine:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajista                       :P:Ela:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajiin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajilla                       :P:Ade:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajilta                       :P:Abl:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajille                       :P:All:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajina                        :P:Ess:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajin                         :P:Ins:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajitta                       :P:Abe:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujohtajine                        :P:Kom:                   urheilujohtaja
urheilujoukko                           :S:Nom:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukon                           :S:Gen:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukkoa                          :S:Par:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukossa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukosta                         :S:Ela:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukkoon                         :S:Ill:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukolla                         :S:Ade:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukolta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukolle                         :S:All:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukkona                         :S:Ess:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukotta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukot                           :P:Nom:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukkojen                        :P:Gen:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukkoja                         :P:Par:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoista                        :P:Ela:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukkoihin                       :P:Ill:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoille                        :P:All:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukkoina                        :P:Ess:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoin                          :P:Ins:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukoitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujoukkoine                        :P:Kom:                   urheilujoukot
urheilujuhla                            :S:Nom:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlan                           :S:Gen:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlaa                           :S:Par:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlassa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlasta                         :S:Ela:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlaan                          :S:Ill:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlalla                         :S:Ade:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlalta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlalle                         :S:All:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlana                          :S:Ess:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlaksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlatta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlat                           :P:Nom:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlien                          :P:Gen:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlain                          :P:Gen:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlia                           :P:Par:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlista                         :P:Ela:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhliin                          :P:Ill:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlille                         :P:All:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlina                          :P:Ess:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhliksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhlitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujuhline                          :P:Kom:                   urheilujuhla
urheilujärjestö                         :S:Nom:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestön                        :S:Gen:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöä                        :S:Par:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestössä                      :S:Ine:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöstä                      :S:Ela:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöön                       :S:Ill:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöllä                      :S:Ade:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöltä                      :S:Abl:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestölle                      :S:All:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestönä                       :S:Ess:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöksi                      :S:Tra:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöttä                      :S:Abe:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöt                        :P:Nom:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöjen                      :P:Gen:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöiden                     :P:Gen:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöitten                    :P:Gen:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöjä                       :P:Par:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöitä                      :P:Par:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöissä                     :P:Ine:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöistä                     :P:Ela:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöihin                     :P:Ill:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöillä                     :P:Ade:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöiltä                     :P:Abl:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöille                     :P:All:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöinä                      :P:Ess:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöin                       :P:Ins:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöittä                     :P:Abe:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilujärjestöine                      :P:Kom:                   urheilujärjestö
urheilukalastaja                        :S:Nom:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajan                       :S:Gen:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajaa                       :S:Par:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajassa                     :S:Ine:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajasta                     :S:Ela:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajaan                      :S:Ill:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajalla                     :S:Ade:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajalta                     :S:Abl:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajalle                     :S:All:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajana                      :S:Ess:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajaksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajatta                     :S:Abe:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajat                       :P:Nom:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajien                      :P:Gen:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajain                      :P:Gen:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajia                       :P:Par:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajissa                     :P:Ine:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajista                     :P:Ela:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajiin                      :P:Ill:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajilla                     :P:Ade:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajilta                     :P:Abl:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajille                     :P:All:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajina                      :P:Ess:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajin                       :P:Ins:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajitta                     :P:Abe:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastajine                      :P:Kom:                   urheilukalastaja
urheilukalastus                         :S:Nom:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksen                      :S:Gen:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastusta                       :S:Par:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksessa                    :S:Ine:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksesta                    :S:Ela:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastukseen                     :S:Ill:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksella                    :S:Ade:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastukselta                    :S:Abl:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastukselle                    :S:All:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksena                     :S:Ess:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksetta                    :S:Abe:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastukset                      :P:Nom:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastusten                      :P:Gen:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksien                     :P:Gen:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksia                      :P:Par:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksista                    :P:Ela:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksille                    :P:All:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksina                     :P:Ess:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksin                      :P:Ins:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukalastuksine                     :P:Kom:                   urheilukalastus
urheilukenttä                           :S:Nom:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentän                           :S:Gen:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttää                          :S:Par:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentässä                         :S:Ine:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentästä                         :S:Ela:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttään                         :S:Ill:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentällä                         :S:Ade:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentältä                         :S:Abl:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentälle                         :S:All:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttänä                         :S:Ess:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentäksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentättä                         :S:Abe:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentät                           :P:Nom:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttien                         :P:Gen:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttäin                         :P:Gen:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttiä                          :P:Par:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentissä                         :P:Ine:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentistä                         :P:Ela:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttiin                         :P:Ill:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentillä                         :P:Ade:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentiltä                         :P:Abl:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentille                         :P:All:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttinä                         :P:Ess:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukentittä                         :P:Abe:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukenttine                         :P:Kom:                   urheilukenttä
urheilukieli                            :S:Nom:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielen                           :S:Gen:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieltä                           :S:Par:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielessä                         :S:Ine:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielestä                         :S:Ela:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieleen                          :S:Ill:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielellä                         :S:Ade:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieleltä                         :S:Abl:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielelle                         :S:All:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielenä                          :S:Ess:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieleksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielettä                         :S:Abe:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielet                           :P:Nom:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielten                          :P:Gen:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielien                          :P:Gen:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieliä                           :P:Par:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielissä                         :P:Ine:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielistä                         :P:Ela:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieliin                          :P:Ill:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielillä                         :P:Ade:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieliltä                         :P:Abl:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielille                         :P:All:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielinä                          :P:Ess:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieliksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilukieli
urheilukielittä                         :P:Abe:                   urheilukieli
urheilukieline                          :P:Kom:                   urheilukieli
urheilukilpailu                         :S:Nom:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailun                        :S:Gen:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailua                        :S:Par:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailussa                      :S:Ine:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailusta                      :S:Ela:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuun                       :S:Ill:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailulla                      :S:Ade:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailulta                      :S:Abl:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailulle                      :S:All:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuna                       :S:Ess:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuksi                      :S:Tra:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailutta                      :S:Abe:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailut                        :P:Nom:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailujen                      :P:Gen:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuiden                     :P:Gen:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuitten                    :P:Gen:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuja                       :P:Par:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuita                      :P:Par:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuissa                     :P:Ine:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuista                     :P:Ela:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuihin                     :P:Ill:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuilla                     :P:Ade:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuilta                     :P:Abl:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuille                     :P:All:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuina                      :P:Ess:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuin                       :P:Ins:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuitta                     :P:Abe:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukilpailuine                      :P:Kom:                   urheilukilpailu
urheilukisa                             :S:Nom:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisan                            :S:Gen:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisaa                            :S:Par:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisassa                          :S:Ine:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisasta                          :S:Ela:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisaan                           :S:Ill:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisalla                          :S:Ade:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisalta                          :S:Abl:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisalle                          :S:All:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisana                           :S:Ess:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisaksi                          :S:Tra:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisatta                          :S:Abe:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisat                            :P:Nom:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisojen                          :P:Gen:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisain                           :P:Gen:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoja                           :P:Par:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoista                         :P:Ela:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoihin                         :P:Ill:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoille                         :P:All:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoina                          :P:Ess:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheilukisat
urheilukisoine                          :P:Kom:                   urheilukisat
urheilukomppania                        :S:Nom:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanian                       :S:Gen:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniaa                       :S:Par:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniassa                     :S:Ine:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniasta                     :S:Ela:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniaan                      :S:Ill:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanialla                     :S:Ade:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanialta                     :S:Abl:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanialle                     :S:All:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniana                      :S:Ess:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniaksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniatta                     :S:Abe:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniat                       :P:Nom:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioiden                    :P:Gen:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioitten                   :P:Gen:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppaniain                      :P:Gen:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioita                     :P:Par:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioista                    :P:Ela:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioihin                    :P:Ill:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioille                    :P:All:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioina                     :P:Ess:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioin                      :P:Ins:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukomppanioine                     :P:Kom:                   urheilukomppania
urheilukuvaaja                          :S:Nom:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajan                         :S:Gen:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajaa                         :S:Par:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajassa                       :S:Ine:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajasta                       :S:Ela:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajaan                        :S:Ill:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajalla                       :S:Ade:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajalta                       :S:Abl:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajalle                       :S:All:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajana                        :S:Ess:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajaksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajatta                       :S:Abe:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajat                         :P:Nom:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajien                        :P:Gen:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajain                        :P:Gen:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajia                         :P:Par:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajissa                       :P:Ine:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajista                       :P:Ela:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajiin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajilla                       :P:Ade:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajilta                       :P:Abl:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajille                       :P:All:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajina                        :P:Ess:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajin                         :P:Ins:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajitta                       :P:Abe:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilukuvaajine                        :P:Kom:                   urheilukuvaaja
urheilulaji                             :S:Nom:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajin                            :S:Gen:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajia                            :S:Par:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajissa                          :S:Ine:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajista                          :S:Ela:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajiin                           :S:Ill:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajilla                          :S:Ade:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajilta                          :S:Abl:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajille                          :S:All:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajina                           :S:Ess:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajiksi                          :S:Tra:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajitta                          :S:Abe:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajit                            :P:Nom:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajien                           :P:Gen:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeja                           :P:Par:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeista                         :P:Ela:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeihin                         :P:Ill:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeille                         :P:All:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeina                          :P:Ess:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajein                           :P:Ins:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheilulaji
urheilulajeine                          :P:Kom:                   urheilulaji
urheilulanka                            :S:Nom:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangan                           :S:Gen:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankaa                           :S:Par:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangassa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangasta                         :S:Ela:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankaan                          :S:Ill:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangalla                         :S:Ade:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangalta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangalle                         :S:All:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankana                          :S:Ess:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangaksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangatta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangat                           :P:Nom:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankojen                         :P:Gen:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankain                          :P:Gen:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankoja                          :P:Par:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangoissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangoista                        :P:Ela:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankoihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangoilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangoilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangoille                        :P:All:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankoina                         :P:Ess:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangoin                          :P:Ins:                   urheilulanka
urheilulangoitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheilulanka
urheilulankoine                         :P:Kom:                   urheilulanka
urheiluliike                            :S:Nom:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeen                         :S:Gen:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikettä                         :S:Par:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeessä                       :S:Ine:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeestä                       :S:Ela:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeeseen                      :S:Ill:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeellä                       :S:Ade:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeeltä                       :S:Abl:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeelle                       :S:All:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeenä                        :S:Ess:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeeksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeettä                       :S:Abe:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeet                         :P:Nom:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeiden                       :P:Gen:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikeitten                       :P:Gen:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeitä                        :P:Par:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeissä                       :P:Ine:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeistä                       :P:Ela:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeisiin                      :P:Ill:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeihin                       :P:Ill:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeillä                       :P:Ade:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeiltä                       :P:Abl:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeille                       :P:All:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeinä                        :P:Ess:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkein                         :P:Ins:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeittä                       :P:Abe:                   urheiluliike
urheiluliikkeine                        :P:Kom:                   urheiluliike
urheilullinen                           :S:Nom:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisen                           :S:Gen:                   urheilullinen
urheilullista                           :S:Par:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisessa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisesta                         :S:Ela:                   urheilullinen
urheilulliseen                          :S:Ill:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisella                         :S:Ade:                   urheilullinen
urheilulliselta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilullinen
urheilulliselle                         :S:All:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisena                          :S:Ess:                   urheilullinen
urheilulliseksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisetta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilullinen
urheilulliset                           :P:Nom:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisten                          :P:Gen:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisin                           :P:Gen:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisia                           :P:Par:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisista                         :P:Ela:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisiin                          :P:Ill:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisille                         :P:All:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisina                          :P:Ess:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheilullinen
urheilullisine                          :P:Kom:                   urheilullinen
urheiluloma                             :S:Nom:                   urheiluloma
urheiluloman                            :S:Gen:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomaa                            :S:Par:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomassa                          :S:Ine:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomasta                          :S:Ela:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomaan                           :S:Ill:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomalla                          :S:Ade:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomalta                          :S:Abl:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomalle                          :S:All:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomana                           :S:Ess:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomaksi                          :S:Tra:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomatta                          :S:Abe:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomat                            :P:Nom:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomien                           :P:Gen:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomain                           :P:Gen:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomia                            :P:Par:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomissa                          :P:Ine:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomista                          :P:Ela:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomiin                           :P:Ill:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomilla                          :P:Ade:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomilta                          :P:Abl:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomille                          :P:All:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomina                           :P:Ess:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomiksi                          :P:Tra:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomin                            :P:Ins:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomitta                          :P:Abe:                   urheiluloma
urheilulomine                           :P:Kom:                   urheiluloma
urheilulukio                            :S:Nom:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukion                           :S:Gen:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiota                          :S:Par:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiossa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiosta                         :S:Ela:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioon                          :S:Ill:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiolla                         :S:Ade:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiolta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiolle                         :S:All:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiona                          :S:Ess:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiotta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukiot                           :P:Nom:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioiden                        :P:Gen:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioitten                       :P:Gen:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioita                         :P:Par:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioista                        :P:Ela:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioille                        :P:All:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioina                         :P:Ess:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioin                          :P:Ins:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheilulukio
urheilulukioine                         :P:Kom:                   urheilulukio
urheiluluokka                           :S:Nom:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokan                           :S:Gen:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkaa                          :S:Par:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokassa                         :S:Ine:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokasta                         :S:Ela:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkaan                         :S:Ill:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokalla                         :S:Ade:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokalta                         :S:Abl:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokalle                         :S:All:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkana                         :S:Ess:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokaksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokatta                         :S:Abe:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokat                           :P:Nom:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkien                         :P:Gen:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkain                         :P:Gen:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkia                          :P:Par:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokista                         :P:Ela:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkiin                         :P:Ill:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokille                         :P:All:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkina                         :P:Ess:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokin                           :P:Ins:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheiluluokka
urheiluluokkine                         :P:Kom:                   urheiluluokka
urheilulääketiede                       :S:Nom:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteen                     :S:Gen:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketiedettä                    :S:Par:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteessä                   :S:Ine:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteestä                   :S:Ela:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteeseen                  :S:Ill:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteellä                   :S:Ade:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteeltä                   :S:Abl:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteelle                   :S:All:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteenä                    :S:Ess:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteeksi                   :S:Tra:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteettä                   :S:Abe:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteet                     :P:Nom:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteiden                   :P:Gen:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketiedeitten                  :P:Gen:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteitä                    :P:Par:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteissä                   :P:Ine:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteistä                   :P:Ela:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteisiin                  :P:Ill:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteihin                   :P:Ill:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteillä                   :P:Ade:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteiltä                   :P:Abl:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteille                   :P:All:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteinä                    :P:Ess:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteiksi                   :P:Tra:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketietein                     :P:Ins:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteittä                   :P:Abe:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääketieteine                    :P:Kom:                   urheilulääketiede
urheilulääkäri                          :S:Nom:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärin                         :S:Gen:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäriä                         :S:Par:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärissä                       :S:Ine:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäristä                       :S:Ela:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäriin                        :S:Ill:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärillä                       :S:Ade:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäriltä                       :S:Abl:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärille                       :S:All:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärinä                        :S:Ess:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäriksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärittä                       :S:Abe:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärit                         :P:Nom:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärien                        :P:Gen:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreiden                      :P:Gen:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreitten                     :P:Gen:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärejä                        :P:Par:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreitä                       :P:Par:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreissä                      :P:Ine:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreistä                      :P:Ela:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreihin                      :P:Ill:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreillä                      :P:Ade:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreiltä                      :P:Abl:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreille                      :P:All:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreinä                       :P:Ess:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreiksi                      :P:Tra:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkärein                        :P:Ins:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreittä                      :P:Abe:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilulääkäreine                       :P:Kom:                   urheilulääkäri
urheilumalli                            :S:Nom:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallin                           :S:Gen:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallia                           :S:Par:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallissa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallista                         :S:Ela:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalliin                          :S:Ill:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallilla                         :S:Ade:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallilta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallille                         :S:All:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallina                          :S:Ess:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalliksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallitta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallit                           :P:Nom:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallien                          :P:Gen:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleja                          :P:Par:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleista                        :P:Ela:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleille                        :P:All:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleina                         :P:Ess:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallein                          :P:Ins:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheilumalli
urheilumalleine                         :P:Kom:                   urheilumalli
urheilumallinen                         :S:Nom:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisen                         :S:Gen:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallista                         :S:Par:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisessa                       :S:Ine:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisesta                       :S:Ela:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumalliseen                        :S:Ill:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisella                       :S:Ade:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumalliselta                       :S:Abl:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumalliselle                       :S:All:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisena                        :S:Ess:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumalliseksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisetta                       :S:Abe:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumalliset                         :P:Nom:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisten                        :P:Gen:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisin                         :P:Gen:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisia                         :P:Par:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisissa                       :P:Ine:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisista                       :P:Ela:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisiin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisilla                       :P:Ade:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisilta                       :P:Abl:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisille                       :P:All:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisina                        :P:Ess:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisin                         :P:Ins:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisitta                       :P:Abe:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumallisine                        :P:Kom:                   urheilumallinen
urheilumetsästys                        :S:Nom:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksen                     :S:Gen:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästystä                      :S:Par:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksessä                   :S:Ine:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksestä                   :S:Ela:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästykseen                    :S:Ill:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksellä                   :S:Ade:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästykseltä                   :S:Abl:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästykselle                   :S:All:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksenä                    :S:Ess:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästykseksi                   :S:Tra:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksettä                   :S:Abe:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästykset                     :P:Nom:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästysten                     :P:Gen:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksien                    :P:Gen:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksiä                     :P:Par:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksissä                   :P:Ine:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksistä                   :P:Ela:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksiin                    :P:Ill:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksillä                   :P:Ade:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksiltä                   :P:Abl:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksille                   :P:All:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksinä                    :P:Ess:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksin                     :P:Ins:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksittä                   :P:Abe:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumetsästyksine                    :P:Kom:                   urheilumetsästys
urheilumieli                            :S:Nom:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielen                           :S:Gen:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieltä                           :S:Par:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielessä                         :S:Ine:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielestä                         :S:Ela:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieleen                          :S:Ill:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielellä                         :S:Ade:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieleltä                         :S:Abl:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielelle                         :S:All:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielenä                          :S:Ess:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieleksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielettä                         :S:Abe:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielet                           :P:Nom:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielten                          :P:Gen:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielien                          :P:Gen:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieliä                           :P:Par:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielissä                         :P:Ine:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielistä                         :P:Ela:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieliin                          :P:Ill:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielillä                         :P:Ade:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieliltä                         :P:Abl:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielille                         :P:All:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielinä                          :P:Ess:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieliksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilumieli
urheilumielittä                         :P:Abe:                   urheilumieli
urheilumieline                          :P:Kom:                   urheilumieli
urheilumuoti                            :S:Nom:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodin                           :S:Gen:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuotia                           :S:Par:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodissa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodista                         :S:Ela:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuotiin                          :S:Ill:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodilla                         :S:Ade:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodilta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodille                         :S:All:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuotina                          :S:Ess:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodiksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuoditta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodit                           :P:Nom:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuotien                          :P:Gen:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuoteja                          :P:Par:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodeissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodeista                        :P:Ela:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuoteihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodeilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodeilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodeille                        :P:All:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuoteina                         :P:Ess:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodein                          :P:Ins:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuodeitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuoteine                         :P:Kom:                   urheilumuoti
urheilumuoto                            :S:Nom:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodon                           :S:Gen:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuotoa                           :S:Par:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodossa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodosta                         :S:Ela:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuotoon                          :S:Ill:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodolla                         :S:Ade:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodolta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodolle                         :S:All:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuotona                          :S:Ess:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodotta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodot                           :P:Nom:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuotojen                         :P:Gen:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuotoja                          :P:Par:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoista                        :P:Ela:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuotoihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoille                        :P:All:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuotoina                         :P:Ess:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoin                          :P:Ins:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuodoitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheilumuoto
urheilumuotoine                         :P:Kom:                   urheilumuoto
urheilunopetus                          :S:Nom:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksen                       :S:Gen:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetusta                        :S:Par:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetukseen                      :S:Ill:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksella                     :S:Ade:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetukselta                     :S:Abl:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetukselle                     :S:All:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksena                      :S:Ess:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetukset                       :P:Nom:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetusten                       :P:Gen:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksien                      :P:Gen:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksia                       :P:Par:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksista                     :P:Ela:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksille                     :P:All:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksina                      :P:Ess:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksin                       :P:Ins:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   urheilunopetus
urheilunopetuksine                      :P:Kom:                   urheilunopetus
urheiluopisto                           :S:Nom:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopiston                          :S:Gen:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoa                          :S:Par:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistossa                        :S:Ine:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistosta                        :S:Ela:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoon                         :S:Ill:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistolla                        :S:Ade:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistolta                        :S:Abl:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistolle                        :S:All:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistona                         :S:Ess:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoksi                        :S:Tra:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistotta                        :S:Abe:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistot                          :P:Nom:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistojen                        :P:Gen:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoiden                       :P:Gen:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoitten                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoja                         :P:Par:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoita                        :P:Par:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoissa                       :P:Ine:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoista                       :P:Ela:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoihin                       :P:Ill:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoilla                       :P:Ade:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoilta                       :P:Abl:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoille                       :P:All:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoina                        :P:Ess:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoin                         :P:Ins:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoitta                       :P:Abe:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluopistoine                        :P:Kom:                   urheiluopisto
urheiluosasto                           :S:Nom:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosaston                          :S:Gen:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoa                          :S:Par:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastossa                        :S:Ine:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastosta                        :S:Ela:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoon                         :S:Ill:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastolla                        :S:Ade:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastolta                        :S:Abl:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastolle                        :S:All:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastona                         :S:Ess:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoksi                        :S:Tra:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastotta                        :S:Abe:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastot                          :P:Nom:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastojen                        :P:Gen:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoiden                       :P:Gen:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoitten                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoja                         :P:Par:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoita                        :P:Par:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoissa                       :P:Ine:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoista                       :P:Ela:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoihin                       :P:Ill:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoilla                       :P:Ade:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoilta                       :P:Abl:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoille                       :P:All:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoina                        :P:Ess:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoin                         :P:Ins:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoitta                       :P:Abe:                   urheiluosasto
urheiluosastoine                        :P:Kom:                   urheiluosasto
urheilupaita                            :S:Nom:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidan                           :S:Gen:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitaa                           :S:Par:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidassa                         :S:Ine:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidasta                         :S:Ela:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitaan                          :S:Ill:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidalla                         :S:Ade:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidalta                         :S:Abl:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidalle                         :S:All:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitana                          :S:Ess:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidaksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidatta                         :S:Abe:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidat                           :P:Nom:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitojen                         :P:Gen:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitain                          :P:Gen:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitoja                          :P:Par:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidoissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidoista                        :P:Ela:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitoihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidoilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidoilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidoille                        :P:All:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitoina                         :P:Ess:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidoin                          :P:Ins:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaidoitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheilupaita
urheilupaitoine                         :P:Kom:                   urheilupaita
urheilupistooli                         :S:Nom:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolin                        :S:Gen:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolia                        :S:Par:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolissa                      :S:Ine:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolista                      :S:Ela:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooliin                       :S:Ill:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolilla                      :S:Ade:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolilta                      :S:Abl:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolille                      :S:All:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolina                       :S:Ess:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooliksi                      :S:Tra:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolitta                      :S:Abe:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolit                        :P:Nom:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolien                       :P:Gen:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleiden                     :P:Gen:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleitten                    :P:Gen:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleja                       :P:Par:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleita                      :P:Par:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleissa                     :P:Ine:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleista                     :P:Ela:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleihin                     :P:Ill:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleilla                     :P:Ade:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleilta                     :P:Abl:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleille                     :P:All:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleina                      :P:Ess:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistoolein                       :P:Ins:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleitta                     :P:Abe:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupistooleine                      :P:Kom:                   urheilupistooli
urheilupsykologi                        :S:Nom:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologin                       :S:Gen:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologia                       :S:Par:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologissa                     :S:Ine:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologista                     :S:Ela:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologiin                      :S:Ill:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologilla                     :S:Ade:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologilta                     :S:Abl:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologille                     :S:All:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologina                      :S:Ess:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologiksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologitta                     :S:Abe:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologit                       :P:Nom:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologien                      :P:Gen:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeja                      :P:Par:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeista                    :P:Ela:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeihin                    :P:Ill:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeille                    :P:All:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeina                     :P:Ess:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologein                      :P:Ins:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologeine                     :P:Kom:                   urheilupsykologi
urheilupsykologia                       :S:Nom:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologian                      :S:Gen:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiaa                      :S:Par:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiassa                    :S:Ine:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiasta                    :S:Ela:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiaan                     :S:Ill:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologialla                    :S:Ade:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologialta                    :S:Abl:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologialle                    :S:All:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiana                     :S:Ess:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiaksi                    :S:Tra:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiatta                    :S:Abe:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiat                      :P:Nom:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioiden                   :P:Gen:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioitten                  :P:Gen:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologiain                     :P:Gen:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioita                    :P:Par:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioissa                   :P:Ine:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioista                   :P:Ela:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioihin                   :P:Ill:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioilla                   :P:Ade:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioilta                   :P:Abl:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioille                   :P:All:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioina                    :P:Ess:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioiksi                   :P:Tra:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioin                     :P:Ins:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioitta                   :P:Abe:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupsykologioine                    :P:Kom:                   urheilupsykologia
urheilupuisto                           :S:Nom:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuiston                          :S:Gen:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoa                          :S:Par:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistossa                        :S:Ine:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistosta                        :S:Ela:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoon                         :S:Ill:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistolla                        :S:Ade:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistolta                        :S:Abl:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistolle                        :S:All:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistona                         :S:Ess:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoksi                        :S:Tra:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistotta                        :S:Abe:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistot                          :P:Nom:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistojen                        :P:Gen:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoja                         :P:Par:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoissa                       :P:Ine:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoista                       :P:Ela:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoihin                       :P:Ill:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoilla                       :P:Ade:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoilta                       :P:Abl:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoille                       :P:All:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoina                        :P:Ess:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoin                         :P:Ins:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoitta                       :P:Abe:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupuistoine                        :P:Kom:                   urheilupuisto
urheilupyörätuoli                       :S:Nom:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolin                      :S:Gen:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolia                      :S:Par:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolissa                    :S:Ine:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolista                    :S:Ela:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoliin                     :S:Ill:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolilla                    :S:Ade:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolilta                    :S:Abl:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolille                    :S:All:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolina                     :S:Ess:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoliksi                    :S:Tra:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolitta                    :S:Abe:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolit                      :P:Nom:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolien                     :P:Gen:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleja                     :P:Par:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleissa                   :P:Ine:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleista                   :P:Ela:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleihin                   :P:Ill:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleilla                   :P:Ade:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleilta                   :P:Abl:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleille                   :P:All:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleina                    :P:Ess:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleiksi                   :P:Tra:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuolein                     :P:Ins:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleitta                   :P:Abe:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupyörätuoleine                    :P:Kom:                   urheilupyörätuoli
urheilupäivä                            :S:Nom:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivän                           :S:Gen:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivää                           :S:Par:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivässä                         :S:Ine:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivästä                         :S:Ela:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivään                          :S:Ill:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivällä                         :S:Ade:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivältä                         :S:Abl:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivälle                         :S:All:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivänä                          :S:Ess:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäiväksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivättä                         :S:Abe:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivät                           :P:Nom:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivien                          :P:Gen:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäiväin                          :P:Gen:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäiviä                           :P:Par:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivissä                         :P:Ine:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivistä                         :P:Ela:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäiviin                          :P:Ill:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivillä                         :P:Ade:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäiviltä                         :P:Abl:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäiville                         :P:All:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivinä                          :P:Ess:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäiviksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivittä                         :P:Abe:                   urheilupäivä
urheilupäivine                          :P:Kom:                   urheilupäivä
urheilusali                             :S:Nom:                   urheilusali
urheilusalin                            :S:Gen:                   urheilusali
urheilusalia                            :S:Par:                   urheilusali
urheilusalissa                          :S:Ine:                   urheilusali
urheilusalista                          :S:Ela:                   urheilusali
urheilusaliin                           :S:Ill:                   urheilusali
urheilusalilla                          :S:Ade:                   urheilusali
urheilusalilta                          :S:Abl:                   urheilusali
urheilusalille                          :S:All:                   urheilusali
urheilusalina                           :S:Ess:                   urheilusali
urheilusaliksi                          :S:Tra:                   urheilusali
urheilusalitta                          :S:Abe:                   urheilusali
urheilusalit                            :P:Nom:                   urheilusali
urheilusalien                           :P:Gen:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleja                           :P:Par:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleista                         :P:Ela:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleihin                         :P:Ill:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleille                         :P:All:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleina                          :P:Ess:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilusali
urheilusalein                           :P:Ins:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheilusali
urheilusaleine                          :P:Kom:                   urheilusali
urheiluselostaja                        :S:Nom:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajan                       :S:Gen:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajaa                       :S:Par:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajassa                     :S:Ine:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajasta                     :S:Ela:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajaan                      :S:Ill:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajalla                     :S:Ade:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajalta                     :S:Abl:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajalle                     :S:All:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajana                      :S:Ess:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajaksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajatta                     :S:Abe:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajat                       :P:Nom:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajien                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajain                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajia                       :P:Par:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajissa                     :P:Ine:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajista                     :P:Ela:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajiin                      :P:Ill:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajilla                     :P:Ade:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajilta                     :P:Abl:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajille                     :P:All:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajina                      :P:Ess:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajin                       :P:Ins:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajitta                     :P:Abe:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostajine                      :P:Kom:                   urheiluselostaja
urheiluselostus                         :S:Nom:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksen                      :S:Gen:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostusta                       :S:Par:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksessa                    :S:Ine:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksesta                    :S:Ela:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostukseen                     :S:Ill:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksella                    :S:Ade:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostukselta                    :S:Abl:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostukselle                    :S:All:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksena                     :S:Ess:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksetta                    :S:Abe:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostukset                      :P:Nom:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostusten                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksien                     :P:Gen:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksia                      :P:Par:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksista                    :P:Ela:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksille                    :P:All:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksina                     :P:Ess:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksin                      :P:Ins:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluselostuksine                     :P:Kom:                   urheiluselostus
urheiluseura                            :S:Nom:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuran                           :S:Gen:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuraa                           :S:Par:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseurassa                         :S:Ine:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseurasta                         :S:Ela:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuraan                          :S:Ill:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuralla                         :S:Ade:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuralta                         :S:Abl:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuralle                         :S:All:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseurana                          :S:Ess:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuraksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuratta                         :S:Abe:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseurat                           :P:Nom:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseurojen                         :P:Gen:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseurain                          :P:Gen:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroja                          :P:Par:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroista                        :P:Ela:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroille                        :P:All:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroina                         :P:Ess:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroin                          :P:Ins:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheiluseura
urheiluseuroine                         :P:Kom:                   urheiluseura
urheilusivu                             :S:Nom:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivun                            :S:Gen:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivua                            :S:Par:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivussa                          :S:Ine:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivusta                          :S:Ela:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuun                           :S:Ill:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivulla                          :S:Ade:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivulta                          :S:Abl:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivulle                          :S:All:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuna                           :S:Ess:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuksi                          :S:Tra:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivutta                          :S:Abe:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivut                            :P:Nom:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivujen                          :P:Gen:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuja                           :P:Par:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuista                         :P:Ela:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuihin                         :P:Ill:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuille                         :P:All:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuina                          :P:Ess:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheilusivu
urheilusivuine                          :P:Kom:                   urheilusivu
urheilusukellus                         :S:Nom:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksen                      :S:Gen:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukellusta                       :S:Par:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksessa                    :S:Ine:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksesta                    :S:Ela:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukellukseen                     :S:Ill:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksella                    :S:Ade:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukellukselta                    :S:Abl:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukellukselle                    :S:All:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksena                     :S:Ess:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukellukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksetta                    :S:Abe:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukellukset                      :P:Nom:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukellusten                      :P:Gen:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksien                     :P:Gen:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksia                      :P:Par:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksista                    :P:Ela:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksiin                     :P:Ill:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksille                    :P:All:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksina                     :P:Ess:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksin                      :P:Ins:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukelluksine                     :P:Kom:                   urheilusukellus
urheilusukeltaja                        :S:Nom:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajan                       :S:Gen:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajaa                       :S:Par:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajassa                     :S:Ine:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajasta                     :S:Ela:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajaan                      :S:Ill:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajalla                     :S:Ade:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajalta                     :S:Abl:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajalle                     :S:All:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajana                      :S:Ess:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajaksi                     :S:Tra:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajatta                     :S:Abe:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajat                       :P:Nom:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajien                      :P:Gen:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajain                      :P:Gen:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajia                       :P:Par:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajissa                     :P:Ine:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajista                     :P:Ela:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajiin                      :P:Ill:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajilla                     :P:Ade:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajilta                     :P:Abl:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajille                     :P:All:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajina                      :P:Ess:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajiksi                     :P:Tra:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajin                       :P:Ins:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajitta                     :P:Abe:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukeltajine                      :P:Kom:                   urheilusukeltaja
urheilusukka                            :S:Nom:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukan                            :S:Gen:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkaa                           :S:Par:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukassa                          :S:Ine:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukasta                          :S:Ela:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkaan                          :S:Ill:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukalla                          :S:Ade:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukalta                          :S:Abl:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukalle                          :S:All:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkana                          :S:Ess:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukaksi                          :S:Tra:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukatta                          :S:Abe:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukat                            :P:Nom:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkien                          :P:Gen:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkain                          :P:Gen:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkia                           :P:Par:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukissa                          :P:Ine:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukista                          :P:Ela:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkiin                          :P:Ill:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukilla                          :P:Ade:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukilta                          :P:Abl:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukille                          :P:All:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkina                          :P:Ess:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukiksi                          :P:Tra:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukin                            :P:Ins:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukitta                          :P:Abe:                   urheilusukka
urheilusukkine                          :P:Kom:                   urheilusukka
urheilusuoritus                         :S:Nom:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksen                      :S:Gen:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuoritusta                       :S:Par:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksessa                    :S:Ine:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksesta                    :S:Ela:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuoritukseen                     :S:Ill:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksella                    :S:Ade:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuoritukselta                    :S:Abl:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuoritukselle                    :S:All:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksena                     :S:Ess:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuoritukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksetta                    :S:Abe:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuoritukset                      :P:Nom:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuoritusten                      :P:Gen:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksien                     :P:Gen:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksia                      :P:Par:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksista                    :P:Ela:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksiin                     :P:Ill:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksille                    :P:All:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksina                     :P:Ess:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksin                      :P:Ins:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilusuorituksine                     :P:Kom:                   urheilusuoritus
urheilutalo                             :S:Nom:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalon                            :S:Gen:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloa                            :S:Par:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalossa                          :S:Ine:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalosta                          :S:Ela:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloon                           :S:Ill:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalolla                          :S:Ade:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalolta                          :S:Abl:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalolle                          :S:All:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalona                           :S:Ess:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloksi                          :S:Tra:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalotta                          :S:Abe:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalot                            :P:Nom:                   urheilutalo
urheilutalojen                          :P:Gen:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloja                           :P:Par:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloissa                         :P:Ine:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloista                         :P:Ela:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloihin                         :P:Ill:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloilla                         :P:Ade:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloilta                         :P:Abl:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloille                         :P:All:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloina                          :P:Ess:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloin                           :P:Ins:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloitta                         :P:Abe:                   urheilutalo
urheilutaloine                          :P:Kom:                   urheilutalo
urheilutoimittaja                       :S:Nom:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajan                      :S:Gen:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajaa                      :S:Par:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajassa                    :S:Ine:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajasta                    :S:Ela:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajaan                     :S:Ill:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajalla                    :S:Ade:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajalta                    :S:Abl:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajalle                    :S:All:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajana                     :S:Ess:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajaksi                    :S:Tra:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajatta                    :S:Abe:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajat                      :P:Nom:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajien                     :P:Gen:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajain                     :P:Gen:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajia                      :P:Par:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajista                    :P:Ela:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajiin                     :P:Ill:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajille                    :P:All:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajina                     :P:Ess:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajin                      :P:Ins:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimittajine                     :P:Kom:                   urheilutoimittaja
urheilutoimitus                         :S:Nom:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksen                      :S:Gen:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimitusta                       :S:Par:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksessa                    :S:Ine:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksesta                    :S:Ela:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimitukseen                     :S:Ill:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksella                    :S:Ade:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimitukselta                    :S:Abl:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimitukselle                    :S:All:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksena                     :S:Ess:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimitukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksetta                    :S:Abe:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimitukset                      :P:Nom:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimitusten                      :P:Gen:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksien                     :P:Gen:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksia                      :P:Par:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksissa                    :P:Ine:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksista                    :P:Ela:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksiin                     :P:Ill:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksilla                    :P:Ade:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksilta                    :P:Abl:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksille                    :P:All:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksina                     :P:Ess:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksin                      :P:Ins:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksitta                    :P:Abe:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilutoimituksine                     :P:Kom:                   urheilutoimitus
urheilu-uutinen                         :S:Nom:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisen                         :S:Gen:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutista                         :S:Par:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisessa                       :S:Ine:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisesta                       :S:Ela:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutiseen                        :S:Ill:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisella                       :S:Ade:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutiselta                       :S:Abl:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutiselle                       :S:All:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisena                        :S:Ess:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisetta                       :S:Abe:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutiset                         :P:Nom:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisten                        :P:Gen:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisin                         :P:Gen:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisia                         :P:Par:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisissa                       :P:Ine:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisista                       :P:Ela:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisiin                        :P:Ill:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisilla                       :P:Ade:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisilta                       :P:Abl:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisille                       :P:All:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisina                        :P:Ess:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisin                         :P:Ins:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisitta                       :P:Abe:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheilu-uutisine                        :P:Kom:                   urheilu-uutinen
urheiluvalmennus                        :S:Nom:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksen                     :S:Gen:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennusta                      :S:Par:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksessa                   :S:Ine:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksesta                   :S:Ela:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennukseen                    :S:Ill:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksella                   :S:Ade:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennukselta                   :S:Abl:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennukselle                   :S:All:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksena                    :S:Ess:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennukseksi                   :S:Tra:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksetta                   :S:Abe:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennukset                     :P:Nom:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennusten                     :P:Gen:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksien                    :P:Gen:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksia                     :P:Par:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksista                   :P:Ela:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksille                   :P:All:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksina                    :P:Ess:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksin                     :P:Ins:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvalmennuksine                    :P:Kom:                   urheiluvalmennus
urheiluvamma                            :S:Nom:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvamman                           :S:Gen:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammaa                           :S:Par:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammassa                         :S:Ine:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammasta                         :S:Ela:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammaan                          :S:Ill:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammalla                         :S:Ade:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammalta                         :S:Abl:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammalle                         :S:All:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammana                          :S:Ess:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammaksi                         :S:Tra:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammatta                         :S:Abe:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammat                           :P:Nom:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammojen                         :P:Gen:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammain                          :P:Gen:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoja                          :P:Par:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoissa                        :P:Ine:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoista                        :P:Ela:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoihin                        :P:Ill:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoilla                        :P:Ade:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoilta                        :P:Abl:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoille                        :P:All:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoina                         :P:Ess:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoin                          :P:Ins:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoitta                        :P:Abe:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluvammoine                         :P:Kom:                   urheiluvamma
urheiluväki                             :S:Nom:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväen                             :S:Gen:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväkeä                            :S:Par:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväessä                           :S:Ine:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväestä                           :S:Ela:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväkeen                           :S:Ill:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväellä                           :S:Ade:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväeltä                           :S:Abl:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväelle                           :S:All:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväkenä                           :S:Ess:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväeksi                           :S:Tra:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväettä                           :S:Abe:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväet                             :P:Nom:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväkien                           :P:Gen:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväkiä                            :P:Par:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväissä                           :P:Ine:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväistä                           :P:Ela:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväkiin                           :P:Ill:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväillä                           :P:Ade:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväiltä                           :P:Abl:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväille                           :P:All:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväkinä                           :P:Ess:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväin                             :P:Ins:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväittä                           :P:Abe:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväkine                           :P:Kom:                   urheiluväki
urheiluväline                           :S:Nom:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineen                         :S:Gen:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälinettä                        :S:Par:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineessä                       :S:Ine:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineestä                       :S:Ela:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineeseen                      :S:Ill:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineellä                       :S:Ade:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineeltä                       :S:Abl:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineelle                       :S:All:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineenä                        :S:Ess:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineeksi                       :S:Tra:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineettä                       :S:Abe:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineet                         :P:Nom:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineiden                       :P:Gen:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineitten                      :P:Gen:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineitä                        :P:Par:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineissä                       :P:Ine:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineistä                       :P:Ela:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineisiin                      :P:Ill:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineihin                       :P:Ill:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineillä                       :P:Ade:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineiltä                       :P:Abl:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineille                       :P:All:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineinä                        :P:Ess:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälinein                         :P:Ins:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineittä                       :P:Abe:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälineine                        :P:Kom:                   urheiluväline
urheiluvälinekauppa                     :S:Nom:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupan                     :S:Gen:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppaa                    :S:Par:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupassa                   :S:Ine:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupasta                   :S:Ela:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppaan                   :S:Ill:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupalla                   :S:Ade:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupalta                   :S:Abl:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupalle                   :S:All:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppana                   :S:Ess:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupaksi                   :S:Tra:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupatta                   :S:Abe:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupat                     :P:Nom:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppojen                  :P:Gen:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppain                   :P:Gen:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppoja                   :P:Par:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupoissa                  :P:Ine:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupoista                  :P:Ela:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppoihin                 :P:Ill:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupoilla                  :P:Ade:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupoilta                  :P:Abl:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupoille                  :P:All:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppoina                  :P:Ess:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupoiksi                  :P:Tra:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupoin                    :P:Ins:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekaupoitta                  :P:Abe:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheiluvälinekauppoine                  :P:Kom:                   urheiluvälinekauppa
urheus                                  :S:Nom:                   urheus
urheuden                                :S:Gen:                   urheus
urheutta                                :S:Par:                   urheus
urheudessa                              :S:Ine:                   urheus
urheudesta                              :S:Ela:                   urheus
urheuteen                               :S:Ill:                   urheus
urheudella                              :S:Ade:                   urheus
urheudelta                              :S:Abl:                   urheus
urheudelle                              :S:All:                   urheus
urheutena                               :S:Ess:                   urheus
urheudeksi                              :S:Tra:                   urheus
urheutta                                :S:Abe:                   urheus
urheudet                                :P:Nom:                   urheus
urheuksien                              :P:Gen:                   urheus
urheuksia                               :P:Par:                   urheus
urheuksissa                             :P:Ine:                   urheus
urheuksista                             :P:Ela:                   urheus
urheuksiin                              :P:Ill:                   urheus
urheuksilla                             :P:Ade:                   urheus
urheuksilta                             :P:Abl:                   urheus
urheuksille                             :P:All:                   urheus
urheuksina                              :P:Ess:                   urheus
urheuksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   urheus
urheuksin                               :P:Ins:                   urheus
urheuksitta                             :P:Abe:                   urheus
urheuksine                              :P:Kom:                   urheus
urho                                    :S:Nom:                   urho
urhon                                   :S:Gen:                   urho
urhoa                                   :S:Par:                   urho
urhossa                                 :S:Ine:                   urho
urhosta                                 :S:Ela:                   urho
urhoon                                  :S:Ill:                   urho
urholla                                 :S:Ade:                   urho
urholta                                 :S:Abl:                   urho
urholle                                 :S:All:                   urho
urhona                                  :S:Ess:                   urho
urhoksi                                 :S:Tra:                   urho
urhotta                                 :S:Abe:                   urho
urhot                                   :P:Nom:                   urho
urhojen                                 :P:Gen:                   urho
urhoja                                  :P:Par:                   urho
urhoissa                                :P:Ine:                   urho
urhoista                                :P:Ela:                   urho
urhoihin                                :P:Ill:                   urho
urhoilla                                :P:Ade:                   urho
urhoilta                                :P:Abl:                   urho
urhoille                                :P:All:                   urho
urhoina                                 :P:Ess:                   urho
urhoiksi                                :P:Tra:                   urho
urhoin                                  :P:Ins:                   urho
urhoitta                                :P:Abe:                   urho
urhoine                                 :P:Kom:                   urho
urhoollinen                             :S:Nom:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisen                             :S:Gen:                   urhoollinen
urhoollista                             :S:Par:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisessa                           :S:Ine:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisesta                           :S:Ela:                   urhoollinen
urhoolliseen                            :S:Ill:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisella                           :S:Ade:                   urhoollinen
urhoolliselta                           :S:Abl:                   urhoollinen
urhoolliselle                           :S:All:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisena                            :S:Ess:                   urhoollinen
urhoolliseksi                           :S:Tra:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisetta                           :S:Abe:                   urhoollinen
urhoolliset                             :P:Nom:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisten                            :P:Gen:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisin                             :P:Gen:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisia                             :P:Par:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisissa                           :P:Ine:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisista                           :P:Ela:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisiin                            :P:Ill:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisilla                           :P:Ade:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisilta                           :P:Abl:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisille                           :P:All:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisina                            :P:Ess:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisin                             :P:Ins:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisitta                           :P:Abe:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisine                            :P:Kom:                   urhoollinen
urhoollisuus                            :S:Nom:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuutta                          :S:Par:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuudelle                        :S:All:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksille                       :P:All:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   urhoollisuus
urhoollisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   urhoollisuus
urina                                   :S:Nom:                   urina
urinan                                  :S:Gen:                   urina
urinaa                                  :S:Par:                   urina
urinassa                                :S:Ine:                   urina
urinasta                                :S:Ela:                   urina
urinaan                                 :S:Ill:                   urina
urinalla                                :S:Ade:                   urina
urinalta                                :S:Abl:                   urina
urinalle                                :S:All:                   urina
urinana                                 :S:Ess:                   urina
urinaksi                                :S:Tra:                   urina
urinatta                                :S:Abe:                   urina
urinat                                  :P:Nom:                   urina
urinoiden                               :P:Gen:                   urina
urinoitten                              :P:Gen:                   urina
urinain                                 :P:Gen:                   urina
urinoita                                :P:Par:                   urina
urinoissa                               :P:Ine:                   urina
urinoista                               :P:Ela:                   urina
urinoihin                               :P:Ill:                   urina
urinoilla                               :P:Ade:                   urina
urinoilta                               :P:Abl:                   urina
urinoille                               :P:All:                   urina
urinoina                                :P:Ess:                   urina
urinoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   urina
urinoin                                 :P:Ins:                   urina
urinoitta                               :P:Abe:                   urina
urinoine                                :P:Kom:                   urina
urinaali                                :S:Nom:                   urinaali
urinaalin                               :S:Gen:                   urinaali
urinaalia                               :S:Par:                   urinaali
urinaalissa                             :S:Ine:                   urinaali
urinaalista                             :S:Ela:                   urinaali
urinaaliin                              :S:Ill:                   urinaali
urinaalilla                             :S:Ade:                   urinaali
urinaalilta                             :S:Abl:                   urinaali
urinaalille                             :S:All:                   urinaali
urinaalina                              :S:Ess:                   urinaali
urinaaliksi                             :S:Tra:                   urinaali
urinaalitta                             :S:Abe:                   urinaali
urinaalit                               :P:Nom:                   urinaali
urinaalien                              :P:Gen:                   urinaali
urinaaleja                              :P:Par:                   urinaali
urinaaleissa                            :P:Ine:                   urinaali
urinaaleista                            :P:Ela:                   urinaali
urinaaleihin                            :P:Ill:                   urinaali
urinaaleilla                            :P:Ade:                   urinaali
urinaaleilta                            :P:Abl:                   urinaali
urinaaleille                            :P:All:                   urinaali
urinaaleina                             :P:Ess:                   urinaali
urinaaleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   urinaali
urinaalein                              :P:Ins:                   urinaali
urinaaleitta                            :P:Abe:                   urinaali
urinaaleine                             :P:Kom:                   urinaali
urisin                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urista
uriset                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urista
urisee                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urista
urisemme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urista
urisette                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urista
urisevat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urista
uristaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urista
urise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urista
urise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
urista                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urista
urisin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urista
urisit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urista
urisi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urista
urisimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urista
urisitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urista
urisivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urista
uristiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristu                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urista
urissen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urista
urisset                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urista
urissee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urista
urissemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urista
urissette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urista
urissevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urista
uristaneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urista
urisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urista
urisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristane                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urista
urisisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urista
urisisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urista
urisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urista
urisisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urista
urisisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urista
urisisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urista
uristaisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             urista
urisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urista
urisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristaisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urista
urise                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urista
uriskoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urista
uriskaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urista
uriskaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urista
uriskoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urista
uristakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urista
urise                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urisko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urisko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urisko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristako                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urista
urista                                  :Inf1:                    urista
uristakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  urista
uristessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urista
uristaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urista
uristen                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urista
urisemassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urista
urisemasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urista
urisemaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urista
urisemalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urista
urisematta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urista
uriseman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urista
uristaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urista
uriseminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                urista
urisemista                              :Inf4:Par:                urista
urisemaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    urista
uriseva                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urista
uristava                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urista
urissut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             urista
uristu                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             urista
urisema                                 :Cip:Age:                 urista
urisematon                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urista
uristu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristu                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urista
uristu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristu                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urista
urissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urista
urissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urista
urissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urista
urisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urista
urisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urista
urisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urista
uristu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             urista
urissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristu                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urista
urissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urista
urissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urista
urissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urista
urisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urista
urisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urista
urisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urista
uristu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             urista
urissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urista
urissut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristu                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urista
urissut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urista
urisseet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urista
uristu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             urista
urissut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urista
urisseet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urista
uristu                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urista
uritan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urittaa
uritat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urittaa
urittaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urittaa
uritamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urittaa
uritatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritetaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urittaa
urita                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urittaa
urita                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urita                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urita                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urita                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urita                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uriteta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
uritin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urittaa
uritit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urittaa
uritti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urittaa
uritimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urittaa
urititte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
urittanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urittaa
urittanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urittaa
urittanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urittaa
urittanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urittaa
urittanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urittaa
urittane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urittaa
urittane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urittane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urittane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urittane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
urittaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urittaa
urittaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urittaa
urittaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urittaa
urittaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urittaa
urittaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             urittaa
urittaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urittaa
urittaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urittaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urittaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urittaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
urita                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urittaa
urittakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urittaa
urittakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urittaa
urittakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urittaa
urita                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urittako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urittako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urittako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urittaa
urittaa                                 :Inf1:                    urittaa
urittaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  urittaa
urittaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urittaa
uritettaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urittaa
urittaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urittaa
urittamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urittaa
urittamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urittaa
urittamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urittaa
urittamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urittaa
urittamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urittaa
urittaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urittaa
uritettaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urittaa
urittaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                urittaa
urittamista                             :Inf4:Par:                urittaa
urittamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    urittaa
urittava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urittaa
uritettava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urittaa
urittanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             urittaa
uritettu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             urittaa
urittama                                :Cip:Age:                 urittaa
urittamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
urittanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urittaa
urittanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urittaa
urittanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             urittaa
urittanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
urittanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urittaa
urittanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urittaa
urittanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             urittaa
urittanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urittaa
urittanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
urittanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urittaa
urittaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urittaa
uritettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             urittaa
urittanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urittaa
urittaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urittaa
uritettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urittaa
uritus                                  :S:Nom:                   uritus
urituksen                               :S:Gen:                   uritus
uritusta                                :S:Par:                   uritus
urituksessa                             :S:Ine:                   uritus
urituksesta                             :S:Ela:                   uritus
uritukseen                              :S:Ill:                   uritus
urituksella                             :S:Ade:                   uritus
uritukselta                             :S:Abl:                   uritus
uritukselle                             :S:All:                   uritus
urituksena                              :S:Ess:                   uritus
uritukseksi                             :S:Tra:                   uritus
urituksetta                             :S:Abe:                   uritus
uritukset                               :P:Nom:                   uritus
uritusten                               :P:Gen:                   uritus
urituksien                              :P:Gen:                   uritus
urituksia                               :P:Par:                   uritus
urituksissa                             :P:Ine:                   uritus
urituksista                             :P:Ela:                   uritus
urituksiin                              :P:Ill:                   uritus
urituksilla                             :P:Ade:                   uritus
urituksilta                             :P:Abl:                   uritus
urituksille                             :P:All:                   uritus
urituksina                              :P:Ess:                   uritus
urituksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uritus
urituksin                               :P:Ins:                   uritus
urituksitta                             :P:Abe:                   uritus
urituksine                              :P:Kom:                   uritus
urkenen                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urjeta
urkenet                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urkenee                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urkenemme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urkenette                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urkenevat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjetaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urjeta
urkene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urjeta
urkene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urkene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urkene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urkene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urkene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjeta                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urkenin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urjeta
urkenit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urkeni                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urkenimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urkenitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urkenivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urjennen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urjeta
urjennet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urjennee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urjennemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urjennette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urjennevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urjeta
urjenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urjeta
urjenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urjenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urjenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urjenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urjenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urkenisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urjeta
urkenisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urkenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urkenisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urkenisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urkenisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             urjeta
urkenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urjeta
urkenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urkenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urkenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urkenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urkenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urkene                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urjetkoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urjetkaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urjetkaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urjetkoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urjeta
urkene                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urjetko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urjetko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urjetko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urjetko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urjeta
urjeta                                  :Inf1:                    urjeta
urjetakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  urjeta
urjetessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urjeta
urjettaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urjeta
urjeten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urjeta
urkenemassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urjeta
urkenemasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urjeta
urkenemaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urjeta
urkenemalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urjeta
urkenematta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urjeta
urkeneman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urjeta
urjettaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urjeta
urkeneminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                urjeta
urkenemista                             :Inf4:Par:                urjeta
urkenemaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    urjeta
urkeneva                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urjeta
urjettava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urjeta
urjennut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             urjeta
urjettu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             urjeta
urkenema                                :Cip:Age:                 urjeta
urkenematon                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urjennut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urjeta
urjennut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urjennut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             urjeta
urjennut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urjennut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urjeta
urjennut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urjeta
urjennut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             urjeta
urjennut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urjeta
urjennut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urjennut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urjeta
urjenneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urjeta
urjettu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             urjeta
urjennut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urjeta
urjenneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urjeta
urjettu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urjeta
urkinta                                 :S:Nom:                   urkinta
urkinnan                                :S:Gen:                   urkinta
urkintaa                                :S:Par:                   urkinta
urkinnassa                              :S:Ine:                   urkinta
urkinnasta                              :S:Ela:                   urkinta
urkintaan                               :S:Ill:                   urkinta
urkinnalla                              :S:Ade:                   urkinta
urkinnalta                              :S:Abl:                   urkinta
urkinnalle                              :S:All:                   urkinta
urkintana                               :S:Ess:                   urkinta
urkinnaksi                              :S:Tra:                   urkinta
urkinnatta                              :S:Abe:                   urkinta
urkinnat                                :P:Nom:                   urkinta
urkintojen                              :P:Gen:                   urkinta
urkintain                               :P:Gen:                   urkinta
urkintoja                               :P:Par:                   urkinta
urkinnoissa                             :P:Ine:                   urkinta
urkinnoista                             :P:Ela:                   urkinta
urkintoihin                             :P:Ill:                   urkinta
urkinnoilla                             :P:Ade:                   urkinta
urkinnoilta                             :P:Abl:                   urkinta
urkinnoille                             :P:All:                   urkinta
urkintoina                              :P:Ess:                   urkinta
urkinnoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   urkinta
urkinnoin                               :P:Ins:                   urkinta
urkinnoitta                             :P:Abe:                   urkinta
urkintoine                              :P:Kom:                   urkinta
urkin                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urkkia
urkit                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkkii                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkimme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkitte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkivat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkitaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urkkia
urki                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urkkia
urki                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urki                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urki                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urki                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urki                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkita                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urkin                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urkkia
urkit                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkki                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkitte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urkkinen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urkkia
urkkinet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkkinee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkkinemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkkinette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkinevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urkkia
urkkine                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkine                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkine                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkine                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkine                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkine                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urkkisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urkkia
urkkisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkkisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkkisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkkisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             urkkia
urkkisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urki                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkkikoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkkikaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkkikaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkikoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urkkia
urki                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkiko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkiko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkiko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkiko                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urkkia
urkkia                                  :Inf1:                    urkkia
urkkiakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  urkkia
urkkiesssa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urkkia
urkittaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urkkia
urkkien                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urkkia
urkkimassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urkkia
urkkimasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urkkia
urkkimaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urkkia
urkkimalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urkkia
urkkimatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urkkia
urkkiman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urkkia
urkittaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urkkia
urkkiminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                urkkia
urkkimista                              :Inf4:Par:                urkkia
urkkimaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    urkkia
urkkiva                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urkkia
urkittava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urkkia
urkkinut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             urkkia
urkittu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             urkkia
urkkima                                 :Cip:Age:                 urkkia
urkkimaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urkkinut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urkkia
urkkinut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkkinut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             urkkia
urkkinut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urkkinut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urkkia
urkkinut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urkkia
urkkinut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             urkkia
urkkinut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkinut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urkkinut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urkkia
urkkineet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urkkia
urkittu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             urkkia
urkkinut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urkkia
urkkineet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urkkia
urkittu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urkkia
urkkija                                 :S:Nom:                   urkkija
urkkijan                                :S:Gen:                   urkkija
urkkijaa                                :S:Par:                   urkkija
urkkijassa                              :S:Ine:                   urkkija
urkkijasta                              :S:Ela:                   urkkija
urkkijaan                               :S:Ill:                   urkkija
urkkijalla                              :S:Ade:                   urkkija
urkkijalta                              :S:Abl:                   urkkija
urkkijalle                              :S:All:                   urkkija
urkkijana                               :S:Ess:                   urkkija
urkkijaksi                              :S:Tra:                   urkkija
urkkijatta                              :S:Abe:                   urkkija
urkkijat                                :P:Nom:                   urkkija
urkkijoiden                             :P:Gen:                   urkkija
urkkijoitten                            :P:Gen:                   urkkija
urkkijain                               :P:Gen:                   urkkija
urkkijoita                              :P:Par:                   urkkija
urkkijoissa                             :P:Ine:                   urkkija
urkkijoista                             :P:Ela:                   urkkija
urkkijoihin                             :P:Ill:                   urkkija
urkkijoilla                             :P:Ade:                   urkkija
urkkijoilta                             :P:Abl:                   urkkija
urkkijoille                             :P:All:                   urkkija
urkkijoina                              :P:Ess:                   urkkija
urkkijoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   urkkija
urkkijoin                               :P:Ins:                   urkkija
urkkijoitta                             :P:Abe:                   urkkija
urkkijoine                              :P:Kom:                   urkkija
urkufasadi                              :S:Nom:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadin                             :S:Gen:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadia                             :S:Par:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadissa                           :S:Ine:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadista                           :S:Ela:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadiin                            :S:Ill:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadilla                           :S:Ade:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadilta                           :S:Abl:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadille                           :S:All:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadina                            :S:Ess:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadiksi                           :S:Tra:                   urkufasadi
urkufasaditta                           :S:Abe:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadit                             :P:Nom:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadien                            :P:Gen:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeja                            :P:Par:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeissa                          :P:Ine:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeista                          :P:Ela:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeihin                          :P:Ill:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeilla                          :P:Ade:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeilta                          :P:Abl:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeille                          :P:All:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeina                           :P:Ess:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadein                            :P:Ins:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeitta                          :P:Abe:                   urkufasadi
urkufasadeine                           :P:Kom:                   urkufasadi
urkuharmoni                             :S:Nom:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonin                            :S:Gen:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonia                            :S:Par:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonissa                          :S:Ine:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonista                          :S:Ela:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoniin                           :S:Ill:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonilla                          :S:Ade:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonilta                          :S:Abl:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonille                          :S:All:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonina                           :S:Ess:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoniksi                          :S:Tra:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonitta                          :S:Abe:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonit                            :P:Nom:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonien                           :P:Gen:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneja                           :P:Par:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneissa                         :P:Ine:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneista                         :P:Ela:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneihin                         :P:Ill:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneilla                         :P:Ade:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneilta                         :P:Abl:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneille                         :P:All:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneina                          :P:Ess:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmonein                           :P:Ins:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneitta                         :P:Abe:                   urkuharmoni
urkuharmoneine                          :P:Kom:                   urkuharmoni
urkujensoittaja                         :S:Nom:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajan                        :S:Gen:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajaa                        :S:Par:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajassa                      :S:Ine:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajasta                      :S:Ela:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajaan                       :S:Ill:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajalla                      :S:Ade:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajalta                      :S:Abl:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajalle                      :S:All:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajana                       :S:Ess:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajaksi                      :S:Tra:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajatta                      :S:Abe:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajat                        :P:Nom:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajien                       :P:Gen:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajain                       :P:Gen:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajia                        :P:Par:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajissa                      :P:Ine:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajista                      :P:Ela:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajiin                       :P:Ill:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajilla                      :P:Ade:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajilta                      :P:Abl:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajille                      :P:All:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajina                       :P:Ess:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajiksi                      :P:Tra:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajin                        :P:Ins:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajitta                      :P:Abe:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoittajine                       :P:Kom:                   urkujensoittaja
urkujensoitto                           :S:Nom:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoiton                           :S:Gen:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoittoa                          :S:Par:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitossa                         :S:Ine:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitosta                         :S:Ela:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoittoon                         :S:Ill:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitolla                         :S:Ade:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitolta                         :S:Abl:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitolle                         :S:All:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoittona                         :S:Ess:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoksi                         :S:Tra:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitotta                         :S:Abe:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitot                           :P:Nom:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoittojen                        :P:Gen:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoittoja                         :P:Par:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoissa                        :P:Ine:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoista                        :P:Ela:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoittoihin                       :P:Ill:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoilla                        :P:Ade:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoilta                        :P:Abl:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoille                        :P:All:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoittoina                        :P:Ess:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoin                          :P:Ins:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoitoitta                        :P:Abe:                   urkujensoitto
urkujensoittoine                        :P:Kom:                   urkujensoitto
urkukappale                             :S:Nom:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleen                           :S:Gen:                   urkukappale
urkukappaletta                          :S:Par:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleessa                         :S:Ine:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleesta                         :S:Ela:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleeseen                        :S:Ill:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleella                         :S:Ade:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleelta                         :S:Abl:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleelle                         :S:All:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleena                          :S:Ess:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleeksi                         :S:Tra:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleetta                         :S:Abe:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleet                           :P:Nom:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleiden                         :P:Gen:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleitten                        :P:Gen:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleita                          :P:Par:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleissa                         :P:Ine:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleista                         :P:Ela:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleisiin                        :P:Ill:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleihin                         :P:Ill:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleilla                         :P:Ade:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleilta                         :P:Abl:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleille                         :P:All:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleina                          :P:Ess:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urkukappale
urkukappalein                           :P:Ins:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleitta                         :P:Abe:                   urkukappale
urkukappaleine                          :P:Kom:                   urkukappale
urkukonsertti                           :S:Nom:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertin                           :S:Gen:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserttia                          :S:Par:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertissa                         :S:Ine:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertista                         :S:Ela:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserttiin                         :S:Ill:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertilla                         :S:Ade:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertilta                         :S:Abl:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertille                         :S:All:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserttina                         :S:Ess:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertiksi                         :S:Tra:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertitta                         :S:Abe:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertit                           :P:Nom:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserttien                         :P:Gen:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertteja                         :P:Par:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserteissa                        :P:Ine:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserteista                        :P:Ela:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertteihin                       :P:Ill:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserteilla                        :P:Ade:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserteilta                        :P:Abl:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserteille                        :P:All:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertteina                        :P:Ess:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertein                          :P:Ins:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonserteitta                        :P:Abe:                   urkukonsertti
urkukonsertteine                        :P:Kom:                   urkukonsertti
urkukoraali                             :S:Nom:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalin                            :S:Gen:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalia                            :S:Par:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalissa                          :S:Ine:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalista                          :S:Ela:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaliin                           :S:Ill:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalilla                          :S:Ade:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalilta                          :S:Abl:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalille                          :S:All:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalina                           :S:Ess:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaliksi                          :S:Tra:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalitta                          :S:Abe:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalit                            :P:Nom:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalien                           :P:Gen:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleja                           :P:Par:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleissa                         :P:Ine:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleista                         :P:Ela:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleihin                         :P:Ill:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleilla                         :P:Ade:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleilta                         :P:Abl:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleille                         :P:All:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleina                          :P:Ess:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraalein                           :P:Ins:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleitta                         :P:Abe:                   urkukoraali
urkukoraaleine                          :P:Kom:                   urkukoraali
urkumusiikki                            :S:Nom:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikin                            :S:Gen:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikkia                           :S:Par:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikissa                          :S:Ine:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikista                          :S:Ela:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikkiin                          :S:Ill:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikilla                          :S:Ade:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikilta                          :S:Abl:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikille                          :S:All:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikkina                          :S:Ess:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikiksi                          :S:Tra:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikitta                          :S:Abe:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikit                            :P:Nom:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikkien                          :P:Gen:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikkeja                          :P:Par:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikeissa                         :P:Ine:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikeista                         :P:Ela:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikkeihin                        :P:Ill:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikeilla                         :P:Ade:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikeilta                         :P:Abl:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikeille                         :P:All:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikkeina                         :P:Ess:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikein                           :P:Ins:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikeitta                         :P:Abe:                   urkumusiikki
urkumusiikkeine                         :P:Kom:                   urkumusiikki
urkuparvi                               :S:Nom:                   urkuparvi
urkuparven                              :S:Gen:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvea                              :S:Par:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvessa                            :S:Ine:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvesta                            :S:Ela:                   urkuparvi
urkuparveen                             :S:Ill:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvella                            :S:Ade:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvelta                            :S:Abl:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvelle                            :S:All:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvena                             :S:Ess:                   urkuparvi
urkuparveksi                            :S:Tra:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvetta                            :S:Abe:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvet                              :P:Nom:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvien                             :P:Gen:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvia                              :P:Par:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvissa                            :P:Ine:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvista                            :P:Ela:                   urkuparvi
urkuparviin                             :P:Ill:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvilla                            :P:Ade:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvilta                            :P:Abl:                   urkuparvi
urkuparville                            :P:All:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvina                             :P:Ess:                   urkuparvi
urkuparviksi                            :P:Tra:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvin                              :P:Ins:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvitta                            :P:Abe:                   urkuparvi
urkuparvine                             :P:Kom:                   urkuparvi
urkupenkki                              :S:Nom:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkin                              :S:Gen:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkkiä                             :S:Par:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkissä                            :S:Ine:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkistä                            :S:Ela:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkkiin                            :S:Ill:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkillä                            :S:Ade:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkiltä                            :S:Abl:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkille                            :S:All:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkkinä                            :S:Ess:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkiksi                            :S:Tra:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkittä                            :S:Abe:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkit                              :P:Nom:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkkien                            :P:Gen:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkkejä                            :P:Par:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkeissä                           :P:Ine:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkeistä                           :P:Ela:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkkeihin                          :P:Ill:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkeillä                           :P:Ade:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkeiltä                           :P:Abl:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkeille                           :P:All:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkkeinä                           :P:Ess:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkein                             :P:Ins:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkeittä                           :P:Abe:                   urkupenkki
urkupenkkeine                           :P:Kom:                   urkupenkki
urkupilli                               :S:Nom:                   urkupilli
urkupillin                              :S:Gen:                   urkupilli
urkupilliä                              :S:Par:                   urkupilli
urkupillissä                            :S:Ine:                   urkupilli
urkupillistä                            :S:Ela:                   urkupilli
urkupilliin                             :S:Ill:                   urkupilli
urkupillillä                            :S:Ade:                   urkupilli
urkupilliltä                            :S:Abl:                   urkupilli
urkupillille                            :S:All:                   urkupilli
urkupillinä                             :S:Ess:                   urkupilli
urkupilliksi                            :S:Tra:                   urkupilli
urkupillittä                            :S:Abe:                   urkupilli
urkupillit                              :P:Nom:                   urkupilli
urkupillien                             :P:Gen:                   urkupilli
urkupillejä                             :P:Par:                   urkupilli
urkupilleissä                           :P:Ine:                   urkupilli
urkupilleistä                           :P:Ela:                   urkupilli
urkupilleihin                           :P:Ill:                   urkupilli
urkupilleillä                           :P:Ade:                   urkupilli
urkupilleiltä                           :P:Abl:                   urkupilli
urkupilleille                           :P:All:                   urkupilli
urkupilleinä                            :P:Ess:                   urkupilli
urkupilleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urkupilli
urkupillein                             :P:Ins:                   urkupilli
urkupilleittä                           :P:Abe:                   urkupilli
urkupilleine                            :P:Kom:                   urkupilli
urkupiste                               :S:Nom:                   urkupiste
urkupisteen                             :S:Gen:                   urkupiste
urkupistettä                            :S:Par:                   urkupiste
urkupisteessä                           :S:Ine:                   urkupiste
urkupisteestä                           :S:Ela:                   urkupiste
urkupisteeseen                          :S:Ill:                   urkupiste
urkupisteellä                           :S:Ade:                   urkupiste
urkupisteeltä                           :S:Abl:                   urkupiste
urkupisteelle                           :S:All:                   urkupiste
urkupisteenä                            :S:Ess:                   urkupiste
urkupisteeksi                           :S:Tra:                   urkupiste
urkupisteettä                           :S:Abe:                   urkupiste
urkupisteet                             :P:Nom:                   urkupiste
urkupisteiden                           :P:Gen:                   urkupiste
urkupisteitten                          :P:Gen:                   urkupiste
urkupisteitä                            :P:Par:                   urkupiste
urkupisteissä                           :P:Ine:                   urkupiste
urkupisteistä                           :P:Ela:                   urkupiste
urkupisteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   urkupiste
urkupisteihin                           :P:Ill:                   urkupiste
urkupisteillä                           :P:Ade:                   urkupiste
urkupisteiltä                           :P:Abl:                   urkupiste
urkupisteille                           :P:All:                   urkupiste
urkupisteinä                            :P:Ess:                   urkupiste
urkupisteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urkupiste
urkupistein                             :P:Ins:                   urkupiste
urkupisteittä                           :P:Abe:                   urkupiste
urkupisteine                            :P:Kom:                   urkupiste
urkuri                                  :S:Nom:                   urkuri
urkurin                                 :S:Gen:                   urkuri
urkuria                                 :S:Par:                   urkuri
urkurissa                               :S:Ine:                   urkuri
urkurista                               :S:Ela:                   urkuri
urkuriin                                :S:Ill:                   urkuri
urkurilla                               :S:Ade:                   urkuri
urkurilta                               :S:Abl:                   urkuri
urkurille                               :S:All:                   urkuri
urkurina                                :S:Ess:                   urkuri
urkuriksi                               :S:Tra:                   urkuri
urkuritta                               :S:Abe:                   urkuri
urkurit                                 :P:Nom:                   urkuri
urkurien                                :P:Gen:                   urkuri
urkureiden                              :P:Gen:                   urkuri
urkureitten                             :P:Gen:                   urkuri
urkureja                                :P:Par:                   urkuri
urkureita                               :P:Par:                   urkuri
urkureissa                              :P:Ine:                   urkuri
urkureista                              :P:Ela:                   urkuri
urkureihin                              :P:Ill:                   urkuri
urkureilla                              :P:Ade:                   urkuri
urkureilta                              :P:Abl:                   urkuri
urkureille                              :P:All:                   urkuri
urkureina                               :P:Ess:                   urkuri
urkureiksi                              :P:Tra:                   urkuri
urkurein                                :P:Ins:                   urkuri
urkureitta                              :P:Abe:                   urkuri
urkureine                               :P:Kom:                   urkuri
urkusävellys                            :S:Nom:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksen                         :S:Gen:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellystä                          :S:Par:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellykseen                        :S:Ill:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellykselle                       :S:All:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellykset                         :P:Nom:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellysten                         :P:Gen:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksien                        :P:Gen:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksiä                         :P:Par:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksille                       :P:All:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksin                         :P:Ins:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   urkusävellys
urkusävellyksine                        :P:Kom:                   urkusävellys
urkutaiteilija                          :S:Nom:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijan                         :S:Gen:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijaa                         :S:Par:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijassa                       :S:Ine:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijasta                       :S:Ela:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijaan                        :S:Ill:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijalla                       :S:Ade:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijalta                       :S:Abl:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijalle                       :S:All:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijana                        :S:Ess:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijaksi                       :S:Tra:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijatta                       :S:Abe:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijat                         :P:Nom:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoiden                      :P:Gen:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoitten                     :P:Gen:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijain                        :P:Gen:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoita                       :P:Par:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoissa                      :P:Ine:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoista                      :P:Ela:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoihin                      :P:Ill:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoilla                      :P:Ade:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoilta                      :P:Abl:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoille                      :P:All:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoina                       :P:Ess:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoin                        :P:Ins:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoitta                      :P:Abe:                   urkutaiteilija
urkutaiteilijoine                       :P:Kom:                   urkutaiteilija
urologi                                 :S:Nom:                   urologi
urologin                                :S:Gen:                   urologi
urologia                                :S:Par:                   urologi
urologissa                              :S:Ine:                   urologi
urologista                              :S:Ela:                   urologi
urologiin                               :S:Ill:                   urologi
urologilla                              :S:Ade:                   urologi
urologilta                              :S:Abl:                   urologi
urologille                              :S:All:                   urologi
urologina                               :S:Ess:                   urologi
urologiksi                              :S:Tra:                   urologi
urologitta                              :S:Abe:                   urologi
urologit                                :P:Nom:                   urologi
urologien                               :P:Gen:                   urologi
urologeja                               :P:Par:                   urologi
urologeissa                             :P:Ine:                   urologi
urologeista                             :P:Ela:                   urologi
urologeihin                             :P:Ill:                   urologi
urologeilla                             :P:Ade:                   urologi
urologeilta                             :P:Abl:                   urologi
urologeille                             :P:All:                   urologi
urologeina                              :P:Ess:                   urologi
urologeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   urologi
urologein                               :P:Ins:                   urologi
urologeitta                             :P:Abe:                   urologi
urologeine                              :P:Kom:                   urologi
urologia                                :S:Nom:                   urologia
urologian                               :S:Gen:                   urologia
urologiaa                               :S:Par:                   urologia
urologiassa                             :S:Ine:                   urologia
urologiasta                             :S:Ela:                   urologia
urologiaan                              :S:Ill:                   urologia
urologialla                             :S:Ade:                   urologia
urologialta                             :S:Abl:                   urologia
urologialle                             :S:All:                   urologia
urologiana                              :S:Ess:                   urologia
urologiaksi                             :S:Tra:                   urologia
urologiatta                             :S:Abe:                   urologia
urologiat                               :P:Nom:                   urologia
urologioiden                            :P:Gen:                   urologia
urologioitten                           :P:Gen:                   urologia
urologiain                              :P:Gen:                   urologia
urologioita                             :P:Par:                   urologia
urologioissa                            :P:Ine:                   urologia
urologioista                            :P:Ela:                   urologia
urologioihin                            :P:Ill:                   urologia
urologioilla                            :P:Ade:                   urologia
urologioilta                            :P:Abl:                   urologia
urologioille                            :P:All:                   urologia
urologioina                             :P:Ess:                   urologia
urologioiksi                            :P:Tra:                   urologia
urologioin                              :P:Ins:                   urologia
urologioitta                            :P:Abe:                   urologia
urologioine                             :P:Kom:                   urologia
urologinen                              :S:Nom:                   urologinen
urologisen                              :S:Gen:                   urologinen
urologista                              :S:Par:                   urologinen
urologisessa                            :S:Ine:                   urologinen
urologisesta                            :S:Ela:                   urologinen
urologiseen                             :S:Ill:                   urologinen
urologisella                            :S:Ade:                   urologinen
urologiselta                            :S:Abl:                   urologinen
urologiselle                            :S:All:                   urologinen
urologisena                             :S:Ess:                   urologinen
urologiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   urologinen
urologisetta                            :S:Abe:                   urologinen
urologiset                              :P:Nom:                   urologinen
urologisten                             :P:Gen:                   urologinen
urologisin                              :P:Gen:                   urologinen
urologisia                              :P:Par:                   urologinen
urologisissa                            :P:Ine:                   urologinen
urologisista                            :P:Ela:                   urologinen
urologisiin                             :P:Ill:                   urologinen
urologisilla                            :P:Ade:                   urologinen
urologisilta                            :P:Abl:                   urologinen
urologisille                            :P:All:                   urologinen
urologisina                             :P:Ess:                   urologinen
urologisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   urologinen
urologisin                              :P:Ins:                   urologinen
urologisitta                            :P:Abe:                   urologinen
urologisine                             :P:Kom:                   urologinen
uros                                    :S:Nom:                   uros
uroksen                                 :S:Gen:                   uros
urosta                                  :S:Par:                   uros
uroksessa                               :S:Ine:                   uros
uroksesta                               :S:Ela:                   uros
urokseen                                :S:Ill:                   uros
uroksella                               :S:Ade:                   uros
urokselta                               :S:Abl:                   uros
urokselle                               :S:All:                   uros
uroksena                                :S:Ess:                   uros
urokseksi                               :S:Tra:                   uros
uroksetta                               :S:Abe:                   uros
urokset                                 :P:Nom:                   uros
urosten                                 :P:Gen:                   uros
uroksien                                :P:Gen:                   uros
uroksia                                 :P:Par:                   uros
uroksissa                               :P:Ine:                   uros
uroksista                               :P:Ela:                   uros
uroksiin                                :P:Ill:                   uros
uroksilla                               :P:Ade:                   uros
uroksilta                               :P:Abl:                   uros
uroksille                               :P:All:                   uros
uroksina                                :P:Ess:                   uros
uroksiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uros
uroksin                                 :P:Ins:                   uros
uroksitta                               :P:Abe:                   uros
uroksine                                :P:Kom:                   uros
uros                                    :S:Nom:                   uros
uroan                                   :S:Gen:                   uros
urosta                                  :S:Par:                   uros
uroassa                                 :S:Ine:                   uros
uroasta                                 :S:Ela:                   uros
uroaseen                                :S:Ill:                   uros
uroalla                                 :S:Ade:                   uros
uroalta                                 :S:Abl:                   uros
uroalle                                 :S:All:                   uros
uroana                                  :S:Ess:                   uros
uroaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uros
uroatta                                 :S:Abe:                   uros
uroat                                   :P:Nom:                   uros
uroiden                                 :P:Gen:                   uros
uroitten                                :P:Gen:                   uros
uroita                                  :P:Par:                   uros
uroissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uros
uroista                                 :P:Ela:                   uros
uroisiin                                :P:Ill:                   uros
uroilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uros
uroilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uros
uroille                                 :P:All:                   uros
uroina                                  :P:Ess:                   uros
uroiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uros
uroin                                   :P:Ins:                   uros
uroitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uros
uroine                                  :P:Kom:                   uros
uroshirvi                               :S:Nom:                   uroshirvi
uroshirven                              :S:Gen:                   uroshirvi
uroshirveä                              :S:Par:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvessä                            :S:Ine:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvestä                            :S:Ela:                   uroshirvi
uroshirveen                             :S:Ill:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvellä                            :S:Ade:                   uroshirvi
uroshirveltä                            :S:Abl:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvelle                            :S:All:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvenä                             :S:Ess:                   uroshirvi
uroshirveksi                            :S:Tra:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvettä                            :S:Abe:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvet                              :P:Nom:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvien                             :P:Gen:                   uroshirvi
uroshirviä                              :P:Par:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvissä                            :P:Ine:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvistä                            :P:Ela:                   uroshirvi
uroshirviin                             :P:Ill:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvillä                            :P:Ade:                   uroshirvi
uroshirviltä                            :P:Abl:                   uroshirvi
uroshirville                            :P:All:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvinä                             :P:Ess:                   uroshirvi
uroshirviksi                            :P:Tra:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvin                              :P:Ins:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvittä                            :P:Abe:                   uroshirvi
uroshirvine                             :P:Kom:                   uroshirvi
uroskissa                               :S:Nom:                   uroskissa
uroskissan                              :S:Gen:                   uroskissa
uroskissaa                              :S:Par:                   uroskissa
uroskissassa                            :S:Ine:                   uroskissa
uroskissasta                            :S:Ela:                   uroskissa
uroskissaan                             :S:Ill:                   uroskissa
uroskissalla                            :S:Ade:                   uroskissa
uroskissalta                            :S:Abl:                   uroskissa
uroskissalle                            :S:All:                   uroskissa
uroskissana                             :S:Ess:                   uroskissa
uroskissaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uroskissa
uroskissatta                            :S:Abe:                   uroskissa
uroskissat                              :P:Nom:                   uroskissa
uroskissojen                            :P:Gen:                   uroskissa
uroskissain                             :P:Gen:                   uroskissa
uroskissoja                             :P:Par:                   uroskissa
uroskissoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uroskissa
uroskissoista                           :P:Ela:                   uroskissa
uroskissoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uroskissa
uroskissoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uroskissa
uroskissoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uroskissa
uroskissoille                           :P:All:                   uroskissa
uroskissoina                            :P:Ess:                   uroskissa
uroskissoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uroskissa
uroskissoin                             :P:Ins:                   uroskissa
uroskissoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uroskissa
uroskissoine                            :P:Kom:                   uroskissa
uroskoira                               :S:Nom:                   uroskoira
uroskoiran                              :S:Gen:                   uroskoira
uroskoiraa                              :S:Par:                   uroskoira
uroskoirassa                            :S:Ine:                   uroskoira
uroskoirasta                            :S:Ela:                   uroskoira
uroskoiraan                             :S:Ill:                   uroskoira
uroskoiralla                            :S:Ade:                   uroskoira
uroskoiralta                            :S:Abl:                   uroskoira
uroskoiralle                            :S:All:                   uroskoira
uroskoirana                             :S:Ess:                   uroskoira
uroskoiraksi                            :S:Tra:                   uroskoira
uroskoiratta                            :S:Abe:                   uroskoira
uroskoirat                              :P:Nom:                   uroskoira
uroskoirien                             :P:Gen:                   uroskoira
uroskoirain                             :P:Gen:                   uroskoira
uroskoiria                              :P:Par:                   uroskoira
uroskoirissa                            :P:Ine:                   uroskoira
uroskoirista                            :P:Ela:                   uroskoira
uroskoiriin                             :P:Ill:                   uroskoira
uroskoirilla                            :P:Ade:                   uroskoira
uroskoirilta                            :P:Abl:                   uroskoira
uroskoirille                            :P:All:                   uroskoira
uroskoirina                             :P:Ess:                   uroskoira
uroskoiriksi                            :P:Tra:                   uroskoira
uroskoirin                              :P:Ins:                   uroskoira
uroskoiritta                            :P:Abe:                   uroskoira
uroskoirine                             :P:Kom:                   uroskoira
urosmetso                               :S:Nom:                   urosmetso
urosmetson                              :S:Gen:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoa                              :S:Par:                   urosmetso
urosmetsossa                            :S:Ine:                   urosmetso
urosmetsosta                            :S:Ela:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoon                             :S:Ill:                   urosmetso
urosmetsolla                            :S:Ade:                   urosmetso
urosmetsolta                            :S:Abl:                   urosmetso
urosmetsolle                            :S:All:                   urosmetso
urosmetsona                             :S:Ess:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoksi                            :S:Tra:                   urosmetso
urosmetsotta                            :S:Abe:                   urosmetso
urosmetsot                              :P:Nom:                   urosmetso
urosmetsojen                            :P:Gen:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoja                             :P:Par:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoissa                           :P:Ine:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoista                           :P:Ela:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoihin                           :P:Ill:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoilla                           :P:Ade:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoilta                           :P:Abl:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoille                           :P:All:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoina                            :P:Ess:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoin                             :P:Ins:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoitta                           :P:Abe:                   urosmetso
urosmetsoine                            :P:Kom:                   urosmetso
urospuolinen                            :S:Nom:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisen                            :S:Gen:                   urospuolinen
urospuolista                            :S:Par:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisessa                          :S:Ine:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisesta                          :S:Ela:                   urospuolinen
urospuoliseen                           :S:Ill:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisella                          :S:Ade:                   urospuolinen
urospuoliselta                          :S:Abl:                   urospuolinen
urospuoliselle                          :S:All:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisena                           :S:Ess:                   urospuolinen
urospuoliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisetta                          :S:Abe:                   urospuolinen
urospuoliset                            :P:Nom:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisten                           :P:Gen:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisin                            :P:Gen:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisia                            :P:Par:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisissa                          :P:Ine:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisista                          :P:Ela:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisiin                           :P:Ill:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisilla                          :P:Ade:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisilta                          :P:Abl:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisille                          :P:All:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisina                           :P:Ess:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisin                            :P:Ins:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisitta                          :P:Abe:                   urospuolinen
urospuolisine                           :P:Kom:                   urospuolinen
uroteko                                 :S:Nom:                   uroteko
uroteon                                 :S:Gen:                   uroteko
urotekoa                                :S:Par:                   uroteko
uroteossa                               :S:Ine:                   uroteko
uroteosta                               :S:Ela:                   uroteko
urotekoon                               :S:Ill:                   uroteko
uroteolla                               :S:Ade:                   uroteko
uroteolta                               :S:Abl:                   uroteko
uroteolle                               :S:All:                   uroteko
urotekona                               :S:Ess:                   uroteko
uroteoksi                               :S:Tra:                   uroteko
uroteotta                               :S:Abe:                   uroteko
uroteot                                 :P:Nom:                   uroteko
urotekojen                              :P:Gen:                   uroteko
urotekoja                               :P:Par:                   uroteko
uroteoissa                              :P:Ine:                   uroteko
uroteoista                              :P:Ela:                   uroteko
urotekoihin                             :P:Ill:                   uroteko
uroteoilla                              :P:Ade:                   uroteko
uroteoilta                              :P:Abl:                   uroteko
uroteoille                              :P:All:                   uroteko
urotekoina                              :P:Ess:                   uroteko
uroteoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uroteko
uroteoin                                :P:Ins:                   uroteko
uroteoitta                              :P:Abe:                   uroteko
urotekoine                              :P:Kom:                   uroteko
urotyö                                  :S:Nom:                   urotyö
urotyön                                 :S:Gen:                   urotyö
urotyötä                                :S:Par:                   urotyö
urotyössä                               :S:Ine:                   urotyö
urotyöstä                               :S:Ela:                   urotyö
urotyöhön                               :S:Ill:                   urotyö
urotyöllä                               :S:Ade:                   urotyö
urotyöltä                               :S:Abl:                   urotyö
urotyölle                               :S:All:                   urotyö
urotyönä                                :S:Ess:                   urotyö
urotyöksi                               :S:Tra:                   urotyö
urotyöttä                               :S:Abe:                   urotyö
urotyöt                                 :P:Nom:                   urotyö
urotöiden                               :P:Gen:                   urotyö
urotöitten                              :P:Gen:                   urotyö
urotöitä                                :P:Par:                   urotyö
urotöissä                               :P:Ine:                   urotyö
urotöistä                               :P:Ela:                   urotyö
urotöihin                               :P:Ill:                   urotyö
urotöillä                               :P:Ade:                   urotyö
urotöiltä                               :P:Abl:                   urotyö
urotöille                               :P:All:                   urotyö
urotöinä                                :P:Ess:                   urotyö
urotöiksi                               :P:Tra:                   urotyö
urotöin                                 :P:Ins:                   urotyö
urotöittä                               :P:Abe:                   urotyö
urotöine                                :P:Kom:                   urotyö
urpiainen                               :S:Nom:                   urpiainen
urpiaisen                               :S:Gen:                   urpiainen
urpiaista                               :S:Par:                   urpiainen
urpiaisessa                             :S:Ine:                   urpiainen
urpiaisesta                             :S:Ela:                   urpiainen
urpiaiseen                              :S:Ill:                   urpiainen
urpiaisella                             :S:Ade:                   urpiainen
urpiaiselta                             :S:Abl:                   urpiainen
urpiaiselle                             :S:All:                   urpiainen
urpiaisena                              :S:Ess:                   urpiainen
urpiaiseksi                             :S:Tra:                   urpiainen
urpiaisetta                             :S:Abe:                   urpiainen
urpiaiset                               :P:Nom:                   urpiainen
urpiaisten                              :P:Gen:                   urpiainen
urpiaisin                               :P:Gen:                   urpiainen
urpiaisia                               :P:Par:                   urpiainen
urpiaisissa                             :P:Ine:                   urpiainen
urpiaisista                             :P:Ela:                   urpiainen
urpiaisiin                              :P:Ill:                   urpiainen
urpiaisilla                             :P:Ade:                   urpiainen
urpiaisilta                             :P:Abl:                   urpiainen
urpiaisille                             :P:All:                   urpiainen
urpiaisina                              :P:Ess:                   urpiainen
urpiaisiksi                             :P:Tra:                   urpiainen
urpiaisin                               :P:Ins:                   urpiainen
urpiaisitta                             :P:Abe:                   urpiainen
urpiaisine                              :P:Kom:                   urpiainen
urpu                                    :S:Nom:                   urpu
urvun                                   :S:Gen:                   urpu
urpua                                   :S:Par:                   urpu
urvussa                                 :S:Ine:                   urpu
urvusta                                 :S:Ela:                   urpu
urpuun                                  :S:Ill:                   urpu
urvulla                                 :S:Ade:                   urpu
urvulta                                 :S:Abl:                   urpu
urvulle                                 :S:All:                   urpu
urpuna                                  :S:Ess:                   urpu
urvuksi                                 :S:Tra:                   urpu
urvutta                                 :S:Abe:                   urpu
urvut                                   :P:Nom:                   urpu
urpujen                                 :P:Gen:                   urpu
urpuja                                  :P:Par:                   urpu
urvuissa                                :P:Ine:                   urpu
urvuista                                :P:Ela:                   urpu
urpuihin                                :P:Ill:                   urpu
urvuilla                                :P:Ade:                   urpu
urvuilta                                :P:Abl:                   urpu
urvuille                                :P:All:                   urpu
urpuina                                 :P:Ess:                   urpu
urvuiksi                                :P:Tra:                   urpu
urvuin                                  :P:Ins:                   urpu
urvuitta                                :P:Abe:                   urpu
urpuine                                 :P:Kom:                   urpu
urputan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          urputtaa
urputat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputtaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             urputtaa
urputa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputeta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          urputtaa
urputit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputtanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          urputtaa
urputtanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputtanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputtanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputtanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputtaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          urputtaa
urputtaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputtaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputtaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputa                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputtakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputtakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputtakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urputtaa
urputa                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtaa                                :Inf1:                    urputtaa
urputtaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  urputtaa
urputtaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            urputtaa
urputettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            urputtaa
urputtaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            urputtaa
urputtamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            urputtaa
urputtamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            urputtaa
urputtamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            urputtaa
urputtamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            urputtaa
urputtamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            urputtaa
urputtaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            urputtaa
urputettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            urputtaa
urputtaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                urputtaa
urputtamista                            :Inf4:Par:                urputtaa
urputtamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    urputtaa
urputtava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             urputtaa
urputettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             urputtaa
urputettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtama                               :Cip:Age:                 urputtaa
urputtamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          urputtaa
urputettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             urputtaa
urputtanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputtaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      urputtaa
urputettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         urputtaa
urputus                                 :S:Nom:                   urputus
urputuksen                              :S:Gen:                   urputus
urputusta                               :S:Par:                   urputus
urputuksessa                            :S:Ine:                   urputus
urputuksesta                            :S:Ela:                   urputus
urputukseen                             :S:Ill:                   urputus
urputuksella                            :S:Ade:                   urputus
urputukselta                            :S:Abl:                   urputus
urputukselle                            :S:All:                   urputus
urputuksena                             :S:Ess:                   urputus
urputukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   urputus
urputuksetta                            :S:Abe:                   urputus
urputukset                              :P:Nom:                   urputus
urputusten                              :P:Gen:                   urputus
urputuksien                             :P:Gen:                   urputus
urputuksia                              :P:Par:                   urputus
urputuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   urputus
urputuksista                            :P:Ela:                   urputus
urputuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   urputus
urputuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   urputus
urputuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   urputus
urputuksille                            :P:All:                   urputus
urputuksina                             :P:Ess:                   urputus
urputuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   urputus
urputuksin                              :P:Ins:                   urputus
urputuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   urputus
urputuksine                             :P:Kom:                   urputus
urtikaria                               :S:Nom:                   urtikaria
urtikarian                              :S:Gen:                   urtikaria
urtikariaa                              :S:Par:                   urtikaria
urtikariassa                            :S:Ine:                   urtikaria
urtikariasta                            :S:Ela:                   urtikaria
urtikariaan                             :S:Ill:                   urtikaria
urtikarialla                            :S:Ade:                   urtikaria
urtikarialta                            :S:Abl:                   urtikaria
urtikarialle                            :S:All:                   urtikaria
urtikariana                             :S:Ess:                   urtikaria
urtikariaksi                            :S:Tra:                   urtikaria
urtikariatta                            :S:Abe:                   urtikaria
urtikariat                              :P:Nom:                   urtikaria
urtikarioiden                           :P:Gen:                   urtikaria
urtikarioitten                          :P:Gen:                   urtikaria
urtikariain                             :P:Gen:                   urtikaria
urtikarioita                            :P:Par:                   urtikaria
urtikarioissa                           :P:Ine:                   urtikaria
urtikarioista                           :P:Ela:                   urtikaria
urtikarioihin                           :P:Ill:                   urtikaria
urtikarioilla                           :P:Ade:                   urtikaria
urtikarioilta                           :P:Abl:                   urtikaria
urtikarioille                           :P:All:                   urtikaria
urtikarioina                            :P:Ess:                   urtikaria
urtikarioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   urtikaria
urtikarioin                             :P:Ins:                   urtikaria
urtikarioitta                           :P:Abe:                   urtikaria
urtikarioine                            :P:Kom:                   urtikaria
urku                                    :S:Nom:                   urut
urun                                    :S:Gen:                   urut
urkua                                   :S:Par:                   urut
urussa                                  :S:Ine:                   urut
urusta                                  :S:Ela:                   urut
urkuun                                  :S:Ill:                   urut
urulla                                  :S:Ade:                   urut
urulta                                  :S:Abl:                   urut
urulle                                  :S:All:                   urut
urkuna                                  :S:Ess:                   urut
uruksi                                  :S:Tra:                   urut
urutta                                  :S:Abe:                   urut
urut                                    :P:Nom:                   urut
urkujen                                 :P:Gen:                   urut
urkuja                                  :P:Par:                   urut
uruissa                                 :P:Ine:                   urut
uruista                                 :P:Ela:                   urut
urkuihin                                :P:Ill:                   urut
uruilla                                 :P:Ade:                   urut
uruilta                                 :P:Abl:                   urut
uruille                                 :P:All:                   urut
urkuina                                 :P:Ess:                   urut
uruiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   urut
uruin                                   :P:Ins:                   urut
uruitta                                 :P:Abe:                   urut
urkuine                                 :P:Kom:                   urut
usalainen                               :S:Nom:                   usalainen
usalaisen                               :S:Gen:                   usalainen
usalaista                               :S:Par:                   usalainen
usalaisessa                             :S:Ine:                   usalainen
usalaisesta                             :S:Ela:                   usalainen
usalaiseen                              :S:Ill:                   usalainen
usalaisella                             :S:Ade:                   usalainen
usalaiselta                             :S:Abl:                   usalainen
usalaiselle                             :S:All:                   usalainen
usalaisena                              :S:Ess:                   usalainen
usalaiseksi                             :S:Tra:                   usalainen
usalaisetta                             :S:Abe:                   usalainen
usalaiset                               :P:Nom:                   usalainen
usalaisten                              :P:Gen:                   usalainen
usalaisin                               :P:Gen:                   usalainen
usalaisia                               :P:Par:                   usalainen
usalaisissa                             :P:Ine:                   usalainen
usalaisista                             :P:Ela:                   usalainen
usalaisiin                              :P:Ill:                   usalainen
usalaisilla                             :P:Ade:                   usalainen
usalaisilta                             :P:Abl:                   usalainen
usalaisille                             :P:All:                   usalainen
usalaisina                              :P:Ess:                   usalainen
usalaisiksi                             :P:Tra:                   usalainen
usalaisin                               :P:Ins:                   usalainen
usalaisitta                             :P:Abe:                   usalainen
usalaisine                              :P:Kom:                   usalainen
usea                                    :S:Nom:                   usea
usean                                   :S:Gen:                   usea
useaa                                   :S:Par:                   usea
useassa                                 :S:Ine:                   usea
useasta                                 :S:Ela:                   usea
useaan                                  :S:Ill:                   usea
usealla                                 :S:Ade:                   usea
usealta                                 :S:Abl:                   usea
usealle                                 :S:All:                   usea
useana                                  :S:Ess:                   usea
useaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   usea
useatta                                 :S:Abe:                   usea
useat                                   :P:Nom:                   usea
useiden                                 :P:Gen:                   usea
useitten                                :P:Gen:                   usea
useain                                  :P:Gen:                   usea
useita                                  :P:Par:                   usea
useissa                                 :P:Ine:                   usea
useista                                 :P:Ela:                   usea
useisiin                                :P:Ill:                   usea
useihin                                 :P:Ill:                   usea
useilla                                 :P:Ade:                   usea
useilta                                 :P:Abl:                   usea
useille                                 :P:All:                   usea
useina                                  :P:Ess:                   usea
useiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   usea
usein                                   :P:Ins:                   usea
useitta                                 :P:Abe:                   usea
useine                                  :P:Kom:                   usea
useammanlainen                          :S:Nom:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisen                          :S:Gen:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaista                          :S:Par:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisella                        :S:Ade:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaiselle                        :S:All:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisena                         :S:Ess:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaiset                          :P:Nom:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisten                         :P:Gen:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisin                          :P:Gen:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisia                          :P:Par:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisista                        :P:Ela:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisille                        :P:All:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisina                         :P:Ess:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisin                          :P:Ins:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   useammanlainen
useammanlaisine                         :P:Kom:                   useammanlainen
useanlainen                             :S:Nom:                   useanlainen
useanlaisen                             :S:Gen:                   useanlainen
useanlaista                             :S:Par:                   useanlainen
useanlaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   useanlainen
useanlaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   useanlainen
useanlaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   useanlainen
useanlaisella                           :S:Ade:                   useanlainen
useanlaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   useanlainen
useanlaiselle                           :S:All:                   useanlainen
useanlaisena                            :S:Ess:                   useanlainen
useanlaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   useanlainen
useanlaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   useanlainen
useanlaiset                             :P:Nom:                   useanlainen
useanlaisten                            :P:Gen:                   useanlainen
useanlaisin                             :P:Gen:                   useanlainen
useanlaisia                             :P:Par:                   useanlainen
useanlaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   useanlainen
useanlaisista                           :P:Ela:                   useanlainen
useanlaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   useanlainen
useanlaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   useanlainen
useanlaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   useanlainen
useanlaisille                           :P:All:                   useanlainen
useanlaisina                            :P:Ess:                   useanlainen
useanlaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   useanlainen
useanlaisin                             :P:Ins:                   useanlainen
useanlaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   useanlainen
useanlaisine                            :P:Kom:                   useanlainen
useus                                   :S:Nom:                   useus
useuden                                 :S:Gen:                   useus
useutta                                 :S:Par:                   useus
useudessa                               :S:Ine:                   useus
useudesta                               :S:Ela:                   useus
useuteen                                :S:Ill:                   useus
useudella                               :S:Ade:                   useus
useudelta                               :S:Abl:                   useus
useudelle                               :S:All:                   useus
useutena                                :S:Ess:                   useus
useudeksi                               :S:Tra:                   useus
useutta                                 :S:Abe:                   useus
useudet                                 :P:Nom:                   useus
useuksien                               :P:Gen:                   useus
useuksia                                :P:Par:                   useus
useuksissa                              :P:Ine:                   useus
useuksista                              :P:Ela:                   useus
useuksiin                               :P:Ill:                   useus
useuksilla                              :P:Ade:                   useus
useuksilta                              :P:Abl:                   useus
useuksille                              :P:All:                   useus
useuksina                               :P:Ess:                   useus
useuksiksi                              :P:Tra:                   useus
useuksin                                :P:Ins:                   useus
useuksitta                              :P:Abe:                   useus
useuksine                               :P:Kom:                   useus
uskaliaisuus                            :S:Nom:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuutta                          :S:Par:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuudelle                        :S:All:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksille                       :P:All:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   uskaliaisuus
uskaliaisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   uskaliaisuus
uskalias                                :S:Nom:                   uskalias
uskaliaan                               :S:Gen:                   uskalias
uskaliasta                              :S:Par:                   uskalias
uskaliaassa                             :S:Ine:                   uskalias
uskaliaasta                             :S:Ela:                   uskalias
uskaliaaseen                            :S:Ill:                   uskalias
uskaliaalla                             :S:Ade:                   uskalias
uskaliaalta                             :S:Abl:                   uskalias
uskaliaalle                             :S:All:                   uskalias
uskaliaana                              :S:Ess:                   uskalias
uskaliaaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uskalias
uskaliaatta                             :S:Abe:                   uskalias
uskaliaat                               :P:Nom:                   uskalias
uskaliaiden                             :P:Gen:                   uskalias
uskaliaitten                            :P:Gen:                   uskalias
uskaliaita                              :P:Par:                   uskalias
uskaliaissa                             :P:Ine:                   uskalias
uskaliaista                             :P:Ela:                   uskalias
uskaliaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uskalias
uskaliailla                             :P:Ade:                   uskalias
uskaliailta                             :P:Abl:                   uskalias
uskaliaille                             :P:All:                   uskalias
uskaliaina                              :P:Ess:                   uskalias
uskaliaiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uskalias
uskaliain                               :P:Ins:                   uskalias
uskaliaitta                             :P:Abe:                   uskalias
uskaliaine                              :P:Kom:                   uskalias
uskalikko                               :S:Nom:                   uskalikko
uskalikon                               :S:Gen:                   uskalikko
uskalikkoa                              :S:Par:                   uskalikko
uskalikossa                             :S:Ine:                   uskalikko
uskalikosta                             :S:Ela:                   uskalikko
uskalikkoon                             :S:Ill:                   uskalikko
uskalikolla                             :S:Ade:                   uskalikko
uskalikolta                             :S:Abl:                   uskalikko
uskalikolle                             :S:All:                   uskalikko
uskalikkona                             :S:Ess:                   uskalikko
uskalikoksi                             :S:Tra:                   uskalikko
uskalikotta                             :S:Abe:                   uskalikko
uskalikot                               :P:Nom:                   uskalikko
uskalikkojen                            :P:Gen:                   uskalikko
uskalikkoja                             :P:Par:                   uskalikko
uskalikoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uskalikko
uskalikoista                            :P:Ela:                   uskalikko
uskalikkoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uskalikko
uskalikoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uskalikko
uskalikoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uskalikko
uskalikoille                            :P:All:                   uskalikko
uskalikkoina                            :P:Ess:                   uskalikko
uskalikoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskalikko
uskalikoin                              :P:Ins:                   uskalikko
uskalikoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uskalikko
uskalikkoine                            :P:Kom:                   uskalikko
uskallus                                :S:Nom:                   uskallus
uskalluksen                             :S:Gen:                   uskallus
uskallusta                              :S:Par:                   uskallus
uskalluksessa                           :S:Ine:                   uskallus
uskalluksesta                           :S:Ela:                   uskallus
uskallukseen                            :S:Ill:                   uskallus
uskalluksella                           :S:Ade:                   uskallus
uskallukselta                           :S:Abl:                   uskallus
uskallukselle                           :S:All:                   uskallus
uskalluksena                            :S:Ess:                   uskallus
uskallukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uskallus
uskalluksetta                           :S:Abe:                   uskallus
uskallukset                             :P:Nom:                   uskallus
uskallusten                             :P:Gen:                   uskallus
uskalluksien                            :P:Gen:                   uskallus
uskalluksia                             :P:Par:                   uskallus
uskalluksissa                           :P:Ine:                   uskallus
uskalluksista                           :P:Ela:                   uskallus
uskalluksiin                            :P:Ill:                   uskallus
uskalluksilla                           :P:Ade:                   uskallus
uskalluksilta                           :P:Abl:                   uskallus
uskalluksille                           :P:All:                   uskallus
uskalluksina                            :P:Ess:                   uskallus
uskalluksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uskallus
uskalluksin                             :P:Ins:                   uskallus
uskalluksitta                           :P:Abe:                   uskallus
uskalluksine                            :P:Kom:                   uskallus
uskallan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskaltaa
uskallat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskaltaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskallamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskallatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskaltavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskalletaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskalla                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskalla                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskalla                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskalla                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskalla                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskalla                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskalleta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskalsin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uskaltaa
uskalsit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskalsi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskalsimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskalsitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskalsivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskaltanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskaltaa
uskaltanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskaltanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskaltanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskaltanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskaltanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskaltaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskaltaa
uskaltaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskaltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskaltaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskaltaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskaltaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskalla                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskaltakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskaltakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskaltakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskaltakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskalla                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltaa                                :Inf1:                    uskaltaa
uskaltaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uskaltaa
uskaltaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uskaltaa
uskallettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uskaltaa
uskaltaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uskaltaa
uskaltamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uskaltaa
uskaltamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uskaltaa
uskaltamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uskaltaa
uskaltamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uskaltaa
uskaltamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uskaltaa
uskaltaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uskaltaa
uskallettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uskaltaa
uskaltaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uskaltaa
uskaltamista                            :Inf4:Par:                uskaltaa
uskaltamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uskaltaa
uskaltava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uskaltaa
uskallettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltama                               :Cip:Age:                 uskaltaa
uskaltamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uskaltaa
uskaltanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskaltaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltaa
uskallettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskaltaa
uskaltaudun                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskaltautua
uskaltaudut                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltaudumme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltaudutte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuvat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltaudutaan                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltaudu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltaudu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltaudu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltaudu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltaudu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltaudu                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduta                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
uskaltauduin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautui                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
uskaltautunen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttaneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttane                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
uskaltautuisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttaisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttaisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
uskaltaudu                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautukoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltautukaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautukaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautukoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltaudu                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttako                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautua                             :Inf1:                    uskaltautua
uskaltautuakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  uskaltautua
uskaltautuessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uskaltautua
uskaltauduttaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uskaltautua
uskaltautuen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uskaltautua
uskaltautumassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uskaltautua
uskaltautumasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uskaltautua
uskaltautumaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uskaltautua
uskaltautumalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uskaltautua
uskaltautumatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uskaltautua
uskaltautuman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uskaltautua
uskaltauduttaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uskaltautua
uskaltautuminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                uskaltautua
uskaltautumista                         :Inf4:Par:                uskaltautua
uskaltautumaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    uskaltautua
uskaltautuva                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uskaltautua
uskaltauduttava                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautuma                            :Cip:Age:                 uskaltautua
uskaltautumaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Con:Per:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             uskaltautua
uskaltautunut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltautuneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskaltautua
uskaltauduttu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskaltautua
usko                                    :S:Nom:                   usko
uskon                                   :S:Gen:                   usko
uskoa                                   :S:Par:                   usko
uskossa                                 :S:Ine:                   usko
uskosta                                 :S:Ela:                   usko
uskoon                                  :S:Ill:                   usko
uskolla                                 :S:Ade:                   usko
uskolta                                 :S:Abl:                   usko
uskolle                                 :S:All:                   usko
uskona                                  :S:Ess:                   usko
uskoksi                                 :S:Tra:                   usko
uskotta                                 :S:Abe:                   usko
uskot                                   :P:Nom:                   usko
uskojen                                 :P:Gen:                   usko
uskoja                                  :P:Par:                   usko
uskoissa                                :P:Ine:                   usko
uskoista                                :P:Ela:                   usko
uskoihin                                :P:Ill:                   usko
uskoilla                                :P:Ade:                   usko
uskoilta                                :P:Abl:                   usko
uskoille                                :P:All:                   usko
uskoina                                 :P:Ess:                   usko
uskoiksi                                :P:Tra:                   usko
uskoin                                  :P:Ins:                   usko
uskoitta                                :P:Abe:                   usko
uskoine                                 :P:Kom:                   usko
uskon                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskoa
uskot                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskoo                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskomme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskotte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskovat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskotaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uskoa
usko                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoa
usko                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
usko                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
usko                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
usko                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
usko                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskota                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
uskoin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uskoa
uskoit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskoi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskoimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskoitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskoivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
uskonen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskoa
uskonet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskonee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskonemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskonette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskonevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uskoa
uskone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoa
uskone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
uskone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
uskone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
uskone                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
uskoisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskoa
uskoisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskoisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskoisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskoisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uskoa
uskoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoa
uskoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
uskoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
usko                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskokoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskokaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskokaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskokoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskoa
usko                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskoko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
uskoko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskoa
uskoa                                   :Inf1:                    uskoa
uskoakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  uskoa
uskoessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uskoa
uskottaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uskoa
uskoen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uskoa
uskomassa                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uskoa
uskomasta                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uskoa
uskomaan                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uskoa
uskomalla                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uskoa
uskomatta                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uskoa
uskoman                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uskoa
uskottaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uskoa
uskominen                               :Inf4:Nom:                uskoa
uskomista                               :Inf4:Par:                uskoa
uskomaisillaan                          :Inf5:                    uskoa
uskova                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uskoa
uskottava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uskoa
uskonut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             uskoa
uskottu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uskoa
uskoma                                  :Cip:Age:                 uskoa
uskomaton                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
uskonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uskoa
uskonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uskoa
uskonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
uskonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uskoa
uskonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uskoa
uskonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uskoa
uskonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoa
uskonut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
uskonut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uskoa
uskoneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uskoa
uskottu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uskoa
uskonut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoa
uskoneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoa
uskottu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskoa
uskollinen                              :S:Nom:                   uskollinen
uskollisen                              :S:Gen:                   uskollinen
uskollista                              :S:Par:                   uskollinen
uskollisessa                            :S:Ine:                   uskollinen
uskollisesta                            :S:Ela:                   uskollinen
uskolliseen                             :S:Ill:                   uskollinen
uskollisella                            :S:Ade:                   uskollinen
uskolliselta                            :S:Abl:                   uskollinen
uskolliselle                            :S:All:                   uskollinen
uskollisena                             :S:Ess:                   uskollinen
uskolliseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskollinen
uskollisetta                            :S:Abe:                   uskollinen
uskolliset                              :P:Nom:                   uskollinen
uskollisten                             :P:Gen:                   uskollinen
uskollisin                              :P:Gen:                   uskollinen
uskollisia                              :P:Par:                   uskollinen
uskollisissa                            :P:Ine:                   uskollinen
uskollisista                            :P:Ela:                   uskollinen
uskollisiin                             :P:Ill:                   uskollinen
uskollisilla                            :P:Ade:                   uskollinen
uskollisilta                            :P:Abl:                   uskollinen
uskollisille                            :P:All:                   uskollinen
uskollisina                             :P:Ess:                   uskollinen
uskollisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskollinen
uskollisin                              :P:Ins:                   uskollinen
uskollisitta                            :P:Abe:                   uskollinen
uskollisine                             :P:Kom:                   uskollinen
uskollisuudenvakuutus                   :S:Nom:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksen                :S:Gen:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutusta                 :S:Par:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksessa              :S:Ine:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksesta              :S:Ela:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutukseen               :S:Ill:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksella              :S:Ade:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutukselta              :S:Abl:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutukselle              :S:All:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksena               :S:Ess:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutukseksi              :S:Tra:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksetta              :S:Abe:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutukset                :P:Nom:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutusten                :P:Gen:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksien               :P:Gen:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksia                :P:Par:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksissa              :P:Ine:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksista              :P:Ela:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksiin               :P:Ill:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksilla              :P:Ade:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksilta              :P:Abl:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksille              :P:All:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksina               :P:Ess:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksiksi              :P:Tra:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksin                :P:Ins:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksitta              :P:Abe:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvakuutuksine               :P:Kom:                   uskollisuudenvakuutus
uskollisuudenvala                       :S:Nom:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalan                      :S:Gen:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalaa                      :S:Par:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalassa                    :S:Ine:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalasta                    :S:Ela:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalaan                     :S:Ill:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalalla                    :S:Ade:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalalta                    :S:Abl:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalalle                    :S:All:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalana                     :S:Ess:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalaksi                    :S:Tra:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalatta                    :S:Abe:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalat                      :P:Nom:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalojen                    :P:Gen:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvalain                     :P:Gen:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloja                     :P:Par:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloissa                   :P:Ine:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloista                   :P:Ela:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloihin                   :P:Ill:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloilla                   :P:Ade:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloilta                   :P:Abl:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloille                   :P:All:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloina                    :P:Ess:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloiksi                   :P:Tra:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloin                     :P:Ins:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloitta                   :P:Abe:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuudenvaloine                    :P:Kom:                   uskollisuudenvala
uskollisuus                             :S:Nom:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuden                           :S:Gen:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuutta                           :S:Par:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuudella                         :S:Ade:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuudelle                         :S:All:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuutena                          :S:Ess:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuutta                           :S:Abe:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuudet                           :P:Nom:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksia                          :P:Par:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksille                        :P:All:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uskollisuus
uskollisuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uskollisuus
uskomaton                               :S:Nom:                   uskomaton
uskomattoman                            :S:Gen:                   uskomaton
uskomatonta                             :S:Par:                   uskomaton
uskomattomassa                          :S:Ine:                   uskomaton
uskomattomasta                          :S:Ela:                   uskomaton
uskomattomaan                           :S:Ill:                   uskomaton
uskomattomalla                          :S:Ade:                   uskomaton
uskomattomalta                          :S:Abl:                   uskomaton
uskomattomalle                          :S:All:                   uskomaton
uskomattomana                           :S:Ess:                   uskomaton
uskomattomaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uskomaton
uskomattomatta                          :S:Abe:                   uskomaton
uskomattomat                            :P:Nom:                   uskomaton
uskomattomien                           :P:Gen:                   uskomaton
uskomatonten                            :P:Gen:                   uskomaton
uskomattomia                            :P:Par:                   uskomaton
uskomattomissa                          :P:Ine:                   uskomaton
uskomattomista                          :P:Ela:                   uskomaton
uskomattomiin                           :P:Ill:                   uskomaton
uskomattomilla                          :P:Ade:                   uskomaton
uskomattomilta                          :P:Abl:                   uskomaton
uskomattomille                          :P:All:                   uskomaton
uskomattomina                           :P:Ess:                   uskomaton
uskomattomiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uskomaton
uskomattomin                            :P:Ins:                   uskomaton
uskomattomitta                          :P:Abe:                   uskomaton
uskomattomine                           :P:Kom:                   uskomaton
uskomattomuus                           :S:Nom:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuden                         :S:Gen:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuutta                         :S:Par:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuudella                       :S:Ade:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuudelle                       :S:All:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuutena                        :S:Ess:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuutta                         :S:Abe:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuudet                         :P:Nom:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksia                        :P:Par:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksille                      :P:All:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   uskomattomuus
uskomattomuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   uskomattomuus
uskomus                                 :S:Nom:                   uskomus
uskomuksen                              :S:Gen:                   uskomus
uskomusta                               :S:Par:                   uskomus
uskomuksessa                            :S:Ine:                   uskomus
uskomuksesta                            :S:Ela:                   uskomus
uskomukseen                             :S:Ill:                   uskomus
uskomuksella                            :S:Ade:                   uskomus
uskomukselta                            :S:Abl:                   uskomus
uskomukselle                            :S:All:                   uskomus
uskomuksena                             :S:Ess:                   uskomus
uskomukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskomus
uskomuksetta                            :S:Abe:                   uskomus
uskomukset                              :P:Nom:                   uskomus
uskomusten                              :P:Gen:                   uskomus
uskomuksien                             :P:Gen:                   uskomus
uskomuksia                              :P:Par:                   uskomus
uskomuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   uskomus
uskomuksista                            :P:Ela:                   uskomus
uskomuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   uskomus
uskomuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   uskomus
uskomuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   uskomus
uskomuksille                            :P:All:                   uskomus
uskomuksina                             :P:Ess:                   uskomus
uskomuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskomus
uskomuksin                              :P:Ins:                   uskomus
uskomuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   uskomus
uskomuksine                             :P:Kom:                   uskomus
uskomuslääkintä                         :S:Nom:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnän                        :S:Gen:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintää                        :S:Par:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnässä                      :S:Ine:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnästä                      :S:Ela:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintään                       :S:Ill:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnällä                      :S:Ade:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnältä                      :S:Abl:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnälle                      :S:All:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintänä                       :S:Ess:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnäksi                      :S:Tra:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnättä                      :S:Abe:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnät                        :P:Nom:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintöjen                      :P:Gen:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintäin                       :P:Gen:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintöjä                       :P:Par:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnöissä                     :P:Ine:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnöistä                     :P:Ela:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintöihin                     :P:Ill:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnöillä                     :P:Ade:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnöiltä                     :P:Abl:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnöille                     :P:All:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintöinä                      :P:Ess:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnöiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnöin                       :P:Ins:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkinnöittä                     :P:Abe:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomuslääkintöine                      :P:Kom:                   uskomuslääkintä
uskomusolento                           :S:Nom:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennon                          :S:Gen:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolentoa                          :S:Par:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennossa                        :S:Ine:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennosta                        :S:Ela:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolentoon                         :S:Ill:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennolla                        :S:Ade:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennolta                        :S:Abl:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennolle                        :S:All:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolentona                         :S:Ess:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoksi                        :S:Tra:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennotta                        :S:Abe:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennot                          :P:Nom:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolentojen                        :P:Gen:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolentoja                         :P:Par:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoissa                       :P:Ine:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoista                       :P:Ela:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolentoihin                       :P:Ill:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoilla                       :P:Ade:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoilta                       :P:Abl:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoille                       :P:All:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolentoina                        :P:Ess:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoin                         :P:Ins:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolennoitta                       :P:Abe:                   uskomusolento
uskomusolentoine                        :P:Kom:                   uskomusolento
uskonasia                               :S:Nom:                   uskonasia
uskonasian                              :S:Gen:                   uskonasia
uskonasiaa                              :S:Par:                   uskonasia
uskonasiassa                            :S:Ine:                   uskonasia
uskonasiasta                            :S:Ela:                   uskonasia
uskonasiaan                             :S:Ill:                   uskonasia
uskonasialla                            :S:Ade:                   uskonasia
uskonasialta                            :S:Abl:                   uskonasia
uskonasialle                            :S:All:                   uskonasia
uskonasiana                             :S:Ess:                   uskonasia
uskonasiaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskonasia
uskonasiatta                            :S:Abe:                   uskonasia
uskonasiat                              :P:Nom:                   uskonasia
uskonasioiden                           :P:Gen:                   uskonasia
uskonasioitten                          :P:Gen:                   uskonasia
uskonasiain                             :P:Gen:                   uskonasia
uskonasioita                            :P:Par:                   uskonasia
uskonasioissa                           :P:Ine:                   uskonasia
uskonasioista                           :P:Ela:                   uskonasia
uskonasioihin                           :P:Ill:                   uskonasia
uskonasioilla                           :P:Ade:                   uskonasia
uskonasioilta                           :P:Abl:                   uskonasia
uskonasioille                           :P:All:                   uskonasia
uskonasioina                            :P:Ess:                   uskonasia
uskonasioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uskonasia
uskonasioin                             :P:Ins:                   uskonasia
uskonasioitta                           :P:Abe:                   uskonasia
uskonasioine                            :P:Kom:                   uskonasia
uskonelämä                              :S:Nom:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämän                             :S:Gen:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämää                             :S:Par:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämässä                           :S:Ine:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämästä                           :S:Ela:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämään                            :S:Ill:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämällä                           :S:Ade:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämältä                           :S:Abl:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämälle                           :S:All:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämänä                            :S:Ess:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämäksi                           :S:Tra:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämättä                           :S:Abe:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämät                             :P:Nom:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämien                            :P:Gen:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämäin                            :P:Gen:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämiä                             :P:Par:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämissä                           :P:Ine:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämistä                           :P:Ela:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämiin                            :P:Ill:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämillä                           :P:Ade:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämille                           :P:All:                   uskonelämä
uskoneläminä                            :P:Ess:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämin                             :P:Ins:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämittä                           :P:Abe:                   uskonelämä
uskonelämine                            :P:Kom:                   uskonelämä
uskonkappale                            :S:Nom:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleen                          :S:Gen:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaletta                         :S:Par:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleessa                        :S:Ine:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleesta                        :S:Ela:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleeseen                       :S:Ill:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleella                        :S:Ade:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleelta                        :S:Abl:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleelle                        :S:All:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleena                         :S:Ess:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleeksi                        :S:Tra:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleetta                        :S:Abe:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleet                          :P:Nom:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleiden                        :P:Gen:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleitten                       :P:Gen:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleita                         :P:Par:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleissa                        :P:Ine:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleista                        :P:Ela:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleisiin                       :P:Ill:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleihin                        :P:Ill:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleilla                        :P:Ade:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleilta                        :P:Abl:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleille                        :P:All:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleina                         :P:Ess:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappalein                          :P:Ins:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleitta                        :P:Abe:                   uskonkappale
uskonkappaleine                         :P:Kom:                   uskonkappale
uskonkiihko                             :S:Nom:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkon                            :S:Gen:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoa                            :S:Par:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkossa                          :S:Ine:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkosta                          :S:Ela:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoon                           :S:Ill:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkolla                          :S:Ade:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkolta                          :S:Abl:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkolle                          :S:All:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkona                           :S:Ess:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoksi                          :S:Tra:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkotta                          :S:Abe:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkot                            :P:Nom:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkojen                          :P:Gen:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoja                           :P:Par:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoissa                         :P:Ine:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoista                         :P:Ela:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoihin                         :P:Ill:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoilla                         :P:Ade:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoilta                         :P:Abl:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoille                         :P:All:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoina                          :P:Ess:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoin                           :P:Ins:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoitta                         :P:Abe:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoine                          :P:Kom:                   uskonkiihko
uskonkiihkoinen                         :S:Nom:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisen                         :S:Gen:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoista                         :S:Par:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisessa                       :S:Ine:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisesta                       :S:Ela:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoiseen                        :S:Ill:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisella                       :S:Ade:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoiselta                       :S:Abl:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoiselle                       :S:All:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisena                        :S:Ess:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisetta                       :S:Abe:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoiset                         :P:Nom:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisten                        :P:Gen:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisin                         :P:Gen:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisia                         :P:Par:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisissa                       :P:Ine:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisista                       :P:Ela:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisiin                        :P:Ill:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisilla                       :P:Ade:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisilta                       :P:Abl:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisille                       :P:All:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisina                        :P:Ess:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisin                         :P:Ins:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisitta                       :P:Abe:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkiihkoisine                        :P:Kom:                   uskonkiihkoinen
uskonkilvoitus                          :S:Nom:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksen                       :S:Gen:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoitusta                        :S:Par:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksessa                     :S:Ine:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksesta                     :S:Ela:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoitukseen                      :S:Ill:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksella                     :S:Ade:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoitukselta                     :S:Abl:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoitukselle                     :S:All:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksena                      :S:Ess:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoitukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksetta                     :S:Abe:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoitukset                       :P:Nom:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoitusten                       :P:Gen:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksien                      :P:Gen:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksia                       :P:Par:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksissa                     :P:Ine:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksista                     :P:Ela:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksilla                     :P:Ade:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksilta                     :P:Abl:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksille                     :P:All:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksina                      :P:Ess:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksin                       :P:Ins:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksitta                     :P:Abe:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkilvoituksine                      :P:Kom:                   uskonkilvoitus
uskonkäsitys                            :S:Nom:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksen                         :S:Gen:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsitystä                          :S:Par:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsitykseen                        :S:Ill:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsitykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsitykselle                       :S:All:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsitykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsitykset                         :P:Nom:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsitysten                         :P:Gen:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksien                        :P:Gen:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksiä                         :P:Par:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksille                       :P:All:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksin                         :P:Ins:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonkäsityksine                        :P:Kom:                   uskonkäsitys
uskonlahko                              :S:Nom:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkon                             :S:Gen:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoa                             :S:Par:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkossa                           :S:Ine:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkosta                           :S:Ela:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoon                            :S:Ill:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkolla                           :S:Ade:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkolta                           :S:Abl:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkolle                           :S:All:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkona                            :S:Ess:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoksi                           :S:Tra:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkotta                           :S:Abe:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkot                             :P:Nom:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkojen                           :P:Gen:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoja                            :P:Par:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoista                          :P:Ela:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoille                          :P:All:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoina                           :P:Ess:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoin                            :P:Ins:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uskonlahko
uskonlahkoine                           :P:Kom:                   uskonlahko
uskonnollinen                           :S:Nom:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisen                           :S:Gen:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollista                           :S:Par:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisessa                         :S:Ine:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisesta                         :S:Ela:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnolliseen                          :S:Ill:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisella                         :S:Ade:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnolliselta                         :S:Abl:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnolliselle                         :S:All:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisena                          :S:Ess:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnolliseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisetta                         :S:Abe:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnolliset                           :P:Nom:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisten                          :P:Gen:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisin                           :P:Gen:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisia                           :P:Par:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisissa                         :P:Ine:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisista                         :P:Ela:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisilla                         :P:Ade:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisilta                         :P:Abl:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisille                         :P:All:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisina                          :P:Ess:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisin                           :P:Ins:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisitta                         :P:Abe:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisine                          :P:Kom:                   uskonnollinen
uskonnollisaiheinen                     :S:Nom:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisen                     :S:Gen:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheista                     :S:Par:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisessa                   :S:Ine:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisesta                   :S:Ela:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheiseen                    :S:Ill:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisella                   :S:Ade:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheiselta                   :S:Abl:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheiselle                   :S:All:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisena                    :S:Ess:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheiseksi                   :S:Tra:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisetta                   :S:Abe:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheiset                     :P:Nom:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisten                    :P:Gen:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisin                     :P:Gen:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisia                     :P:Par:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisissa                   :P:Ine:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisista                   :P:Ela:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisiin                    :P:Ill:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisilla                   :P:Ade:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisilta                   :P:Abl:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisille                   :P:All:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisina                    :P:Ess:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisin                     :P:Ins:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisitta                   :P:Abe:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollisaiheisine                    :P:Kom:                   uskonnollisaiheinen
uskonnollishenkinen                     :S:Nom:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisen                     :S:Gen:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkistä                     :S:Par:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisessä                   :S:Ine:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisestä                   :S:Ela:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkiseen                    :S:Ill:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisellä                   :S:Ade:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkiseltä                   :S:Abl:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkiselle                   :S:All:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisenä                    :S:Ess:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkiseksi                   :S:Tra:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisettä                   :S:Abe:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkiset                     :P:Nom:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisten                    :P:Gen:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisin                     :P:Gen:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisiä                     :P:Par:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisissä                   :P:Ine:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisistä                   :P:Ela:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisiin                    :P:Ill:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisillä                   :P:Ade:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisiltä                   :P:Abl:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisille                   :P:All:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisinä                    :P:Ess:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisin                     :P:Ins:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisittä                   :P:Abe:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollishenkisine                    :P:Kom:                   uskonnollishenkinen
uskonnollismielinen                     :S:Nom:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisen                     :S:Gen:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielistä                     :S:Par:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisessä                   :S:Ine:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisestä                   :S:Ela:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismieliseen                    :S:Ill:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisellä                   :S:Ade:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismieliseltä                   :S:Abl:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismieliselle                   :S:All:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisenä                    :S:Ess:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismieliseksi                   :S:Tra:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisettä                   :S:Abe:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismieliset                     :P:Nom:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisten                    :P:Gen:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisin                     :P:Gen:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisiä                     :P:Par:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisissä                   :P:Ine:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisistä                   :P:Ela:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisiin                    :P:Ill:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisillä                   :P:Ade:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisiltä                   :P:Abl:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisille                   :P:All:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisinä                    :P:Ess:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisin                     :P:Ins:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisittä                   :P:Abe:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollismielisine                    :P:Kom:                   uskonnollismielinen
uskonnollisuus                          :S:Nom:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuutta                        :S:Par:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuudelle                      :S:All:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksille                     :P:All:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnollisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   uskonnollisuus
uskonnonfilosofia                       :S:Nom:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofian                      :S:Gen:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiaa                      :S:Par:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiassa                    :S:Ine:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiasta                    :S:Ela:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiaan                     :S:Ill:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofialla                    :S:Ade:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofialta                    :S:Abl:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofialle                    :S:All:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiana                     :S:Ess:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiaksi                    :S:Tra:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiatta                    :S:Abe:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiat                      :P:Nom:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioiden                   :P:Gen:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioitten                  :P:Gen:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofiain                     :P:Gen:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioita                    :P:Par:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioissa                   :P:Ine:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioista                   :P:Ela:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioihin                   :P:Ill:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioilla                   :P:Ade:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioilta                   :P:Abl:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioille                   :P:All:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioina                    :P:Ess:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioiksi                   :P:Tra:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioin                     :P:Ins:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioitta                   :P:Abe:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonfilosofioine                    :P:Kom:                   uskonnonfilosofia
uskonnonharjoitus                       :S:Nom:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksen                    :S:Gen:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoitusta                     :S:Par:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksessa                  :S:Ine:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksesta                  :S:Ela:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoitukseen                   :S:Ill:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksella                  :S:Ade:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoitukselta                  :S:Abl:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoitukselle                  :S:All:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksena                   :S:Ess:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoitukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksetta                  :S:Abe:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoitukset                    :P:Nom:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoitusten                    :P:Gen:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksien                   :P:Gen:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksia                    :P:Par:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksissa                  :P:Ine:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksista                  :P:Ela:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksiin                   :P:Ill:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksilla                  :P:Ade:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksilta                  :P:Abl:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksille                  :P:All:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksina                   :P:Ess:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksin                    :P:Ins:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksitta                  :P:Abe:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonharjoituksine                   :P:Kom:                   uskonnonharjoitus
uskonnonopettaja                        :S:Nom:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajan                       :S:Gen:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajaa                       :S:Par:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajassa                     :S:Ine:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajasta                     :S:Ela:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajaan                      :S:Ill:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajalla                     :S:Ade:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajalta                     :S:Abl:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajalle                     :S:All:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajana                      :S:Ess:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajaksi                     :S:Tra:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajatta                     :S:Abe:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajat                       :P:Nom:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajien                      :P:Gen:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajain                      :P:Gen:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajia                       :P:Par:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajissa                     :P:Ine:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajista                     :P:Ela:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajiin                      :P:Ill:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajilla                     :P:Ade:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajilta                     :P:Abl:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajille                     :P:All:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajina                      :P:Ess:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajin                       :P:Ins:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajitta                     :P:Abe:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopettajine                      :P:Kom:                   uskonnonopettaja
uskonnonopetus                          :S:Nom:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksen                       :S:Gen:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetusta                        :S:Par:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetukseen                      :S:Ill:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksella                     :S:Ade:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetukselta                     :S:Abl:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetukselle                     :S:All:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksena                      :S:Ess:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetukset                       :P:Nom:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetusten                       :P:Gen:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksien                      :P:Gen:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksia                       :P:Par:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksista                     :P:Ela:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksille                     :P:All:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksina                      :P:Ess:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksin                       :P:Ins:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonopetuksine                      :P:Kom:                   uskonnonopetus
uskonnonvapaus                          :S:Nom:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauden                        :S:Gen:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapautta                        :S:Par:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapaudessa                      :S:Ine:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapaudesta                      :S:Ela:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauteen                       :S:Ill:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapaudella                      :S:Ade:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapaudelta                      :S:Abl:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapaudelle                      :S:All:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapautena                       :S:Ess:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapaudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapautta                        :S:Abe:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapaudet                        :P:Nom:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksien                      :P:Gen:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksia                       :P:Par:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksissa                     :P:Ine:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksista                     :P:Ela:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksilla                     :P:Ade:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksilta                     :P:Abl:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksille                     :P:All:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksina                      :P:Ess:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksin                       :P:Ins:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksitta                     :P:Abe:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonnonvapauksine                      :P:Kom:                   uskonnonvapaus
uskonopillinen                          :S:Nom:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisen                          :S:Gen:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillista                          :S:Par:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisessa                        :S:Ine:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisesta                        :S:Ela:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopilliseen                         :S:Ill:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisella                        :S:Ade:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopilliselta                        :S:Abl:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopilliselle                        :S:All:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisena                         :S:Ess:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopilliseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisetta                        :S:Abe:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopilliset                          :P:Nom:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisten                         :P:Gen:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisin                          :P:Gen:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisia                          :P:Par:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisissa                        :P:Ine:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisista                        :P:Ela:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisilla                        :P:Ade:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisilta                        :P:Abl:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisille                        :P:All:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisina                         :P:Ess:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisin                          :P:Ins:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisitta                        :P:Abe:                   uskonopillinen
uskonopillisine                         :P:Kom:                   uskonopillinen
uskonoppi                               :S:Nom:                   uskonoppi
uskonopin                               :S:Gen:                   uskonoppi
uskonoppia                              :S:Par:                   uskonoppi
uskonopissa                             :S:Ine:                   uskonoppi
uskonopista                             :S:Ela:                   uskonoppi
uskonoppiin                             :S:Ill:                   uskonoppi
uskonopilla                             :S:Ade:                   uskonoppi
uskonopilta                             :S:Abl:                   uskonoppi
uskonopille                             :S:All:                   uskonoppi
uskonoppina                             :S:Ess:                   uskonoppi
uskonopiksi                             :S:Tra:                   uskonoppi
uskonopitta                             :S:Abe:                   uskonoppi
uskonopit                               :P:Nom:                   uskonoppi
uskonoppien                             :P:Gen:                   uskonoppi
uskonoppeja                             :P:Par:                   uskonoppi
uskonopeissa                            :P:Ine:                   uskonoppi
uskonopeista                            :P:Ela:                   uskonoppi
uskonoppeihin                           :P:Ill:                   uskonoppi
uskonopeilla                            :P:Ade:                   uskonoppi
uskonopeilta                            :P:Abl:                   uskonoppi
uskonopeille                            :P:All:                   uskonoppi
uskonoppeina                            :P:Ess:                   uskonoppi
uskonopeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskonoppi
uskonopein                              :P:Ins:                   uskonoppi
uskonopeitta                            :P:Abe:                   uskonoppi
uskonoppeine                            :P:Kom:                   uskonoppi
uskonpuhdistus                          :S:Nom:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksen                       :S:Gen:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistusta                        :S:Par:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistukseen                      :S:Ill:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksella                     :S:Ade:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistukselta                     :S:Abl:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistukselle                     :S:All:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksena                      :S:Ess:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistukset                       :P:Nom:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistusten                       :P:Gen:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksien                      :P:Gen:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksia                       :P:Par:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksista                     :P:Ela:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksille                     :P:All:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksina                      :P:Ess:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksin                       :P:Ins:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuhdistuksine                      :P:Kom:                   uskonpuhdistus
uskonpuute                              :S:Nom:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteen                           :S:Gen:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutetta                           :S:Par:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteessa                         :S:Ine:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteesta                         :S:Ela:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteella                         :S:Ade:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteelta                         :S:Abl:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteelle                         :S:All:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteena                          :S:Ess:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteetta                         :S:Abe:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteet                           :P:Nom:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteiden                         :P:Gen:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuuteitten                         :P:Gen:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteita                          :P:Par:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteissa                         :P:Ine:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteista                         :P:Ela:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteihin                         :P:Ill:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteilla                         :P:Ade:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteilta                         :P:Abl:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteille                         :P:All:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteina                          :P:Ess:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuuttein                           :P:Ins:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteitta                         :P:Abe:                   uskonpuute
uskonpuutteine                          :P:Kom:                   uskonpuute
uskonsisar                              :S:Nom:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisaren                            :S:Gen:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarta                            :S:Par:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisaressa                          :S:Ine:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisaresta                          :S:Ela:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisareen                           :S:Ill:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarella                          :S:Ade:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarelta                          :S:Abl:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarelle                          :S:All:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarena                           :S:Ess:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisareksi                          :S:Tra:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisaretta                          :S:Abe:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisaret                            :P:Nom:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarien                           :P:Gen:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarten                           :P:Gen:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisaria                            :P:Par:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarissa                          :P:Ine:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarista                          :P:Ela:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisariin                           :P:Ill:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarilla                          :P:Ade:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarilta                          :P:Abl:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarille                          :P:All:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarina                           :P:Ess:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisariksi                          :P:Tra:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarin                            :P:Ins:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisaritta                          :P:Abe:                   uskonsisar
uskonsisarine                           :P:Kom:                   uskonsisar
uskonsota                               :S:Nom:                   uskonsota
uskonsodan                              :S:Gen:                   uskonsota
uskonsotaa                              :S:Par:                   uskonsota
uskonsodassa                            :S:Ine:                   uskonsota
uskonsodasta                            :S:Ela:                   uskonsota
uskonsotaan                             :S:Ill:                   uskonsota
uskonsodalla                            :S:Ade:                   uskonsota
uskonsodalta                            :S:Abl:                   uskonsota
uskonsodalle                            :S:All:                   uskonsota
uskonsotana                             :S:Ess:                   uskonsota
uskonsodaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskonsota
uskonsodatta                            :S:Abe:                   uskonsota
uskonsodat                              :P:Nom:                   uskonsota
uskonsotien                             :P:Gen:                   uskonsota
uskonsotain                             :P:Gen:                   uskonsota
uskonsotia                              :P:Par:                   uskonsota
uskonsodissa                            :P:Ine:                   uskonsota
uskonsodista                            :P:Ela:                   uskonsota
uskonsotiin                             :P:Ill:                   uskonsota
uskonsodilla                            :P:Ade:                   uskonsota
uskonsodilta                            :P:Abl:                   uskonsota
uskonsodille                            :P:All:                   uskonsota
uskonsotina                             :P:Ess:                   uskonsota
uskonsodiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskonsota
uskonsodin                              :P:Ins:                   uskonsota
uskonsoditta                            :P:Abe:                   uskonsota
uskonsotine                             :P:Kom:                   uskonsota
uskonsuunta                             :S:Nom:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnan                            :S:Gen:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntaa                            :S:Par:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnassa                          :S:Ine:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnasta                          :S:Ela:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntaan                           :S:Ill:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnalla                          :S:Ade:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnalta                          :S:Abl:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnalle                          :S:All:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntana                           :S:Ess:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnatta                          :S:Abe:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnat                            :P:Nom:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntien                           :P:Gen:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntain                           :P:Gen:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntia                            :P:Par:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnissa                          :P:Ine:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnista                          :P:Ela:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntiin                           :P:Ill:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnilla                          :P:Ade:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnilta                          :P:Abl:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnille                          :P:All:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntina                           :P:Ess:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunniksi                          :P:Tra:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnin                            :P:Ins:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuunnitta                          :P:Abe:                   uskonsuunta
uskonsuuntine                           :P:Kom:                   uskonsuunta
uskonto                                 :S:Nom:                   uskonto
uskonnon                                :S:Gen:                   uskonto
uskontoa                                :S:Par:                   uskonto
uskonnossa                              :S:Ine:                   uskonto
uskonnosta                              :S:Ela:                   uskonto
uskontoon                               :S:Ill:                   uskonto
uskonnolla                              :S:Ade:                   uskonto
uskonnolta                              :S:Abl:                   uskonto
uskonnolle                              :S:All:                   uskonto
uskontona                               :S:Ess:                   uskonto
uskonnoksi                              :S:Tra:                   uskonto
uskonnotta                              :S:Abe:                   uskonto
uskonnot                                :P:Nom:                   uskonto
uskontojen                              :P:Gen:                   uskonto
uskontoja                               :P:Par:                   uskonto
uskonnoissa                             :P:Ine:                   uskonto
uskonnoista                             :P:Ela:                   uskonto
uskontoihin                             :P:Ill:                   uskonto
uskonnoilla                             :P:Ade:                   uskonto
uskonnoilta                             :P:Abl:                   uskonto
uskonnoille                             :P:All:                   uskonto
uskontoina                              :P:Ess:                   uskonto
uskonnoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uskonto
uskonnoin                               :P:Ins:                   uskonto
uskonnoitta                             :P:Abe:                   uskonto
uskontoine                              :P:Kom:                   uskonto
uskontokunta                            :S:Nom:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnan                           :S:Gen:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntaa                           :S:Par:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnassa                         :S:Ine:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnasta                         :S:Ela:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntaan                          :S:Ill:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnalla                         :S:Ade:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnalta                         :S:Abl:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnalle                         :S:All:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntana                          :S:Ess:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnaksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnatta                         :S:Abe:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnat                           :P:Nom:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntien                          :P:Gen:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntain                          :P:Gen:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntia                           :P:Par:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnissa                         :P:Ine:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnista                         :P:Ela:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntiin                          :P:Ill:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnilla                         :P:Ade:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnilta                         :P:Abl:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnille                         :P:All:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntina                          :P:Ess:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunniksi                         :P:Tra:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnin                           :P:Ins:                   uskontokunta
uskontokunnitta                         :P:Abe:                   uskontokunta
uskontokuntine                          :P:Kom:                   uskontokunta
uskontorikos                            :S:Nom:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksen                         :S:Gen:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikosta                          :S:Par:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksessa                       :S:Ine:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksesta                       :S:Ela:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikokseen                        :S:Ill:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksella                       :S:Ade:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikokselta                       :S:Abl:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikokselle                       :S:All:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksena                        :S:Ess:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikokseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksetta                       :S:Abe:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikokset                         :P:Nom:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikosten                         :P:Gen:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksien                        :P:Gen:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksia                         :P:Par:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksissa                       :P:Ine:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksista                       :P:Ela:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksilla                       :P:Ade:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksilta                       :P:Abl:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksille                       :P:All:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksina                        :P:Ess:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksin                         :P:Ins:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksitta                       :P:Abe:                   uskontorikos
uskontorikoksine                        :P:Kom:                   uskontorikos
uskontotiede                            :S:Nom:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteen                          :S:Gen:                   uskontotiede
uskontotiedettä                         :S:Par:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteessä                        :S:Ine:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteestä                        :S:Ela:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteeseen                       :S:Ill:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteellä                        :S:Ade:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteeltä                        :S:Abl:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteelle                        :S:All:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteenä                         :S:Ess:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteeksi                        :S:Tra:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteettä                        :S:Abe:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteet                          :P:Nom:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteiden                        :P:Gen:                   uskontotiede
uskontotiedeitten                       :P:Gen:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteitä                         :P:Par:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteissä                        :P:Ine:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteistä                        :P:Ela:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteihin                        :P:Ill:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteillä                        :P:Ade:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteiltä                        :P:Abl:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteille                        :P:All:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteinä                         :P:Ess:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskontotiede
uskontotietein                          :P:Ins:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteittä                        :P:Abe:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteine                         :P:Kom:                   uskontotiede
uskontotieteellinen                     :S:Nom:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisen                     :S:Gen:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellistä                     :S:Par:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisessä                   :S:Ine:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisestä                   :S:Ela:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteelliseen                    :S:Ill:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisellä                   :S:Ade:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteelliseltä                   :S:Abl:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteelliselle                   :S:All:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisenä                    :S:Ess:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteelliseksi                   :S:Tra:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisettä                   :S:Abe:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteelliset                     :P:Nom:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisten                    :P:Gen:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisin                     :P:Gen:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisiä                     :P:Par:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisissä                   :P:Ine:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisistä                   :P:Ela:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisiin                    :P:Ill:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisillä                   :P:Ade:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisiltä                   :P:Abl:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisille                   :P:All:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisinä                    :P:Ess:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisin                     :P:Ins:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisittä                   :P:Abe:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotieteellisine                    :P:Kom:                   uskontotieteellinen
uskontotunti                            :S:Nom:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnin                           :S:Gen:                   uskontotunti
uskontotuntia                           :S:Par:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnissa                         :S:Ine:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnista                         :S:Ela:                   uskontotunti
uskontotuntiin                          :S:Ill:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnilla                         :S:Ade:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnilta                         :S:Abl:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnille                         :S:All:                   uskontotunti
uskontotuntina                          :S:Ess:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunniksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnitta                         :S:Abe:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnit                           :P:Nom:                   uskontotunti
uskontotuntien                          :P:Gen:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunteja                          :P:Par:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunneissa                        :P:Ine:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunneista                        :P:Ela:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunteihin                        :P:Ill:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunneilla                        :P:Ade:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunneilta                        :P:Abl:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunneille                        :P:All:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunteina                         :P:Ess:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunneiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunnein                          :P:Ins:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunneitta                        :P:Abe:                   uskontotunti
uskontotunteine                         :P:Kom:                   uskontotunti
uskontunnustus                          :S:Nom:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksen                       :S:Gen:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustusta                        :S:Par:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustukseen                      :S:Ill:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksella                     :S:Ade:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustukselta                     :S:Abl:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustukselle                     :S:All:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksena                      :S:Ess:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustukset                       :P:Nom:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustusten                       :P:Gen:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksien                      :P:Gen:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksia                       :P:Par:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksista                     :P:Ela:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksille                     :P:All:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksina                      :P:Ess:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksin                       :P:Ins:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   uskontunnustus
uskontunnustuksine                      :P:Kom:                   uskontunnustus
uskonvaino                              :S:Nom:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainon                             :S:Gen:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoa                             :S:Par:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainossa                           :S:Ine:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainosta                           :S:Ela:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoon                            :S:Ill:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainolla                           :S:Ade:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainolta                           :S:Abl:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainolle                           :S:All:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainona                            :S:Ess:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoksi                           :S:Tra:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainotta                           :S:Abe:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainot                             :P:Nom:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainojen                           :P:Gen:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoja                            :P:Par:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoista                          :P:Ela:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoille                          :P:All:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoina                           :P:Ess:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoin                            :P:Ins:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uskonvaino
uskonvainoine                           :P:Kom:                   uskonvaino
uskonvapaus                             :S:Nom:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauden                           :S:Gen:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapautta                           :S:Par:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapaudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapaudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauteen                          :S:Ill:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapaudella                         :S:Ade:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapaudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapaudelle                         :S:All:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapautena                          :S:Ess:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapaudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapautta                           :S:Abe:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapaudet                           :P:Nom:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksien                         :P:Gen:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksia                          :P:Par:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksista                        :P:Ela:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksille                        :P:All:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksina                         :P:Ess:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksin                          :P:Ins:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvapauksine                         :P:Kom:                   uskonvapaus
uskonvarmuus                            :S:Nom:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuden                          :S:Gen:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuutta                          :S:Par:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuudella                        :S:Ade:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuudelle                        :S:All:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuutena                         :S:Ess:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuutta                          :S:Abe:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuudet                          :P:Nom:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksia                         :P:Par:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksille                       :P:All:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonvarmuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   uskonvarmuus
uskonveli                               :S:Nom:                   uskonveli
uskonvelen                              :S:Gen:                   uskonveli
uskonveleä                              :S:Par:                   uskonveli
uskonvelessä                            :S:Ine:                   uskonveli
uskonvelestä                            :S:Ela:                   uskonveli
uskonveleen                             :S:Ill:                   uskonveli
uskonvelellä                            :S:Ade:                   uskonveli
uskonveleltä                            :S:Abl:                   uskonveli
uskonvelelle                            :S:All:                   uskonveli
uskonvelenä                             :S:Ess:                   uskonveli
uskonveleksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskonveli
uskonvelettä                            :S:Abe:                   uskonveli
uskonvelet                              :P:Nom:                   uskonveli
uskonvelien                             :P:Gen:                   uskonveli
uskonveliä                              :P:Par:                   uskonveli
uskonvelissä                            :P:Ine:                   uskonveli
uskonvelistä                            :P:Ela:                   uskonveli
uskonveliin                             :P:Ill:                   uskonveli
uskonvelillä                            :P:Ade:                   uskonveli
uskonveliltä                            :P:Abl:                   uskonveli
uskonvelille                            :P:All:                   uskonveli
uskonvelinä                             :P:Ess:                   uskonveli
uskonveliksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskonveli
uskonvelin                              :P:Ins:                   uskonveli
uskonvelittä                            :P:Abe:                   uskonveli
uskonveline                             :P:Kom:                   uskonveli
uskoontulo                              :S:Nom:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulon                             :S:Gen:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloa                             :S:Par:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulossa                           :S:Ine:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulosta                           :S:Ela:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloon                            :S:Ill:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulolla                           :S:Ade:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulolta                           :S:Abl:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulolle                           :S:All:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulona                            :S:Ess:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloksi                           :S:Tra:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulotta                           :S:Abe:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulot                             :P:Nom:                   uskoontulo
uskoontulojen                           :P:Gen:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloja                            :P:Par:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloissa                          :P:Ine:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloista                          :P:Ela:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloihin                          :P:Ill:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloilla                          :P:Ade:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloilta                          :P:Abl:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloille                          :P:All:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloina                           :P:Ess:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloin                            :P:Ins:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloitta                          :P:Abe:                   uskoontulo
uskoontuloine                           :P:Kom:                   uskoontulo
uskottelen                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskotella
uskottelet                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskottelee                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskottelemme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskottelette                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskottelevat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskotellaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uskotella
uskottele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskotella
uskottele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskottele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskottele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskottele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskottele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotella                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskottelin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uskotella
uskottelit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskotteli                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskottelimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskottelitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskottelivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskotellen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskotella
uskotellet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskotellee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskotellemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskotellette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskotellevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uskotella
uskotelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskottelisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskotella
uskottelisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskottelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskottelisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskottelisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskottelisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             uskotella
uskottelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskotella
uskottelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskottelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskottelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskottelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskottelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskottele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskotelkoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskotelkaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskotelkaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskotelkoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskotella
uskottele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskotella
uskotella                               :Inf1:                    uskotella
uskotellakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  uskotella
uskotellessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uskotella
uskoteltaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uskotella
uskotellen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uskotella
uskottelemassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uskotella
uskottelemasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uskotella
uskottelemaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uskotella
uskottelemalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uskotella
uskottelematta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uskotella
uskotteleman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uskotella
uskoteltaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uskotella
uskotteleminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                uskotella
uskottelemista                          :Inf4:Par:                uskotella
uskottelemaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    uskotella
uskotteleva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uskotella
uskoteltava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uskotella
uskotellut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             uskotella
uskottelema                             :Cip:Age:                 uskotella
uskottelematon                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskotellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uskotella
uskotellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskotellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             uskotella
uskotellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskotellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uskotella
uskotellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uskotella
uskotellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             uskotella
uskotellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotellut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskotellut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             uskotella
uskotellut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskotella
uskotelleet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskotella
uskoteltu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskotella
uskoton                                 :S:Nom:                   uskoton
uskottoman                              :S:Gen:                   uskoton
uskotonta                               :S:Par:                   uskoton
uskottomassa                            :S:Ine:                   uskoton
uskottomasta                            :S:Ela:                   uskoton
uskottomaan                             :S:Ill:                   uskoton
uskottomalla                            :S:Ade:                   uskoton
uskottomalta                            :S:Abl:                   uskoton
uskottomalle                            :S:All:                   uskoton
uskottomana                             :S:Ess:                   uskoton
uskottomaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskoton
uskottomatta                            :S:Abe:                   uskoton
uskottomat                              :P:Nom:                   uskoton
uskottomien                             :P:Gen:                   uskoton
uskotonten                              :P:Gen:                   uskoton
uskottomia                              :P:Par:                   uskoton
uskottomissa                            :P:Ine:                   uskoton
uskottomista                            :P:Ela:                   uskoton
uskottomiin                             :P:Ill:                   uskoton
uskottomilla                            :P:Ade:                   uskoton
uskottomilta                            :P:Abl:                   uskoton
uskottomille                            :P:All:                   uskoton
uskottomina                             :P:Ess:                   uskoton
uskottomiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskoton
uskottomin                              :P:Ins:                   uskoton
uskottomitta                            :P:Abe:                   uskoton
uskottomine                             :P:Kom:                   uskoton
uskottava                               :S:Nom:                   uskottava
uskottavan                              :S:Gen:                   uskottava
uskottavaa                              :S:Par:                   uskottava
uskottavassa                            :S:Ine:                   uskottava
uskottavasta                            :S:Ela:                   uskottava
uskottavaan                             :S:Ill:                   uskottava
uskottavalla                            :S:Ade:                   uskottava
uskottavalta                            :S:Abl:                   uskottava
uskottavalle                            :S:All:                   uskottava
uskottavana                             :S:Ess:                   uskottava
uskottavaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskottava
uskottavatta                            :S:Abe:                   uskottava
uskottavat                              :P:Nom:                   uskottava
uskottavien                             :P:Gen:                   uskottava
uskottavain                             :P:Gen:                   uskottava
uskottavia                              :P:Par:                   uskottava
uskottavissa                            :P:Ine:                   uskottava
uskottavista                            :P:Ela:                   uskottava
uskottaviin                             :P:Ill:                   uskottava
uskottavilla                            :P:Ade:                   uskottava
uskottavilta                            :P:Abl:                   uskottava
uskottaville                            :P:All:                   uskottava
uskottavina                             :P:Ess:                   uskottava
uskottaviksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskottava
uskottavin                              :P:Ins:                   uskottava
uskottavitta                            :P:Abe:                   uskottava
uskottavine                             :P:Kom:                   uskottava
uskottavuus                             :S:Nom:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuden                           :S:Gen:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuutta                           :S:Par:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuudella                         :S:Ade:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuudelle                         :S:All:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuutena                          :S:Ess:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuutta                           :S:Abe:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuudet                           :P:Nom:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksia                          :P:Par:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksille                        :P:All:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uskottavuus
uskottavuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uskottavuus
uskottelu                               :S:Nom:                   uskottelu
uskottelun                              :S:Gen:                   uskottelu
uskottelua                              :S:Par:                   uskottelu
uskottelussa                            :S:Ine:                   uskottelu
uskottelusta                            :S:Ela:                   uskottelu
uskotteluun                             :S:Ill:                   uskottelu
uskottelulla                            :S:Ade:                   uskottelu
uskottelulta                            :S:Abl:                   uskottelu
uskottelulle                            :S:All:                   uskottelu
uskotteluna                             :S:Ess:                   uskottelu
uskotteluksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskottelu
uskottelutta                            :S:Abe:                   uskottelu
uskottelut                              :P:Nom:                   uskottelu
uskottelujen                            :P:Gen:                   uskottelu
uskotteluiden                           :P:Gen:                   uskottelu
uskotteluitten                          :P:Gen:                   uskottelu
uskotteluja                             :P:Par:                   uskottelu
uskotteluita                            :P:Par:                   uskottelu
uskotteluissa                           :P:Ine:                   uskottelu
uskotteluista                           :P:Ela:                   uskottelu
uskotteluihin                           :P:Ill:                   uskottelu
uskotteluilla                           :P:Ade:                   uskottelu
uskotteluilta                           :P:Abl:                   uskottelu
uskotteluille                           :P:All:                   uskottelu
uskotteluina                            :P:Ess:                   uskottelu
uskotteluiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uskottelu
uskotteluin                             :P:Ins:                   uskottelu
uskotteluitta                           :P:Abe:                   uskottelu
uskotteluine                            :P:Kom:                   uskottelu
uskottomuus                             :S:Nom:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuden                           :S:Gen:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuutta                           :S:Par:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuudella                         :S:Ade:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuudelle                         :S:All:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuutena                          :S:Ess:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuutta                           :S:Abe:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuudet                           :P:Nom:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksia                          :P:Par:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksille                        :P:All:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uskottomuus
uskottomuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uskottomuus
uskottu                                 :S:Nom:                   uskottu
uskotun                                 :S:Gen:                   uskottu
uskottua                                :S:Par:                   uskottu
uskotussa                               :S:Ine:                   uskottu
uskotusta                               :S:Ela:                   uskottu
uskottuun                               :S:Ill:                   uskottu
uskotulla                               :S:Ade:                   uskottu
uskotulta                               :S:Abl:                   uskottu
uskotulle                               :S:All:                   uskottu
uskottuna                               :S:Ess:                   uskottu
uskotuksi                               :S:Tra:                   uskottu
uskotutta                               :S:Abe:                   uskottu
uskotut                                 :P:Nom:                   uskottu
uskottujen                              :P:Gen:                   uskottu
uskottuja                               :P:Par:                   uskottu
uskotuissa                              :P:Ine:                   uskottu
uskotuista                              :P:Ela:                   uskottu
uskottuihin                             :P:Ill:                   uskottu
uskotuilla                              :P:Ade:                   uskottu
uskotuilta                              :P:Abl:                   uskottu
uskotuille                              :P:All:                   uskottu
uskottuina                              :P:Ess:                   uskottu
uskotuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uskottu
uskotuin                                :P:Ins:                   uskottu
uskotuitta                              :P:Abe:                   uskottu
uskottuine                              :P:Kom:                   uskottu
uskoudun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskoutua
uskoudut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoudumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskoudutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskoudutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskouduin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uskoutua
uskouduit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskouduimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskouduitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskoutunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskoutua
uskoutunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoutunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskoutunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskoutuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uskoutua
uskoutuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoutuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskoutuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskoudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoutukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskoutukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutua                                :Inf1:                    uskoutua
uskoutuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uskoutua
uskoutuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uskoutua
uskouduttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uskoutua
uskoutuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uskoutua
uskoutumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uskoutua
uskoutumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uskoutua
uskoutumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uskoutua
uskoutumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uskoutua
uskoutumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uskoutua
uskoutuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uskoutua
uskouduttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uskoutua
uskoutuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uskoutua
uskoutumista                            :Inf4:Par:                uskoutua
uskoutumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uskoutua
uskoutuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uskoutua
uskouduttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutuma                               :Cip:Age:                 uskoutua
uskoutumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uskoutua
uskoutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskoutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uskoutua
uskouduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uskoutua
uskova                                  :S:Nom:                   uskova
uskovan                                 :S:Gen:                   uskova
uskovaa                                 :S:Par:                   uskova
uskovassa                               :S:Ine:                   uskova
uskovasta                               :S:Ela:                   uskova
uskovaan                                :S:Ill:                   uskova
uskovalla                               :S:Ade:                   uskova
uskovalta                               :S:Abl:                   uskova
uskovalle                               :S:All:                   uskova
uskovana                                :S:Ess:                   uskova
uskovaksi                               :S:Tra:                   uskova
uskovatta                               :S:Abe:                   uskova
uskovat                                 :P:Nom:                   uskova
uskovien                                :P:Gen:                   uskova
uskovain                                :P:Gen:                   uskova
uskovia                                 :P:Par:                   uskova
uskovissa                               :P:Ine:                   uskova
uskovista                               :P:Ela:                   uskova
uskoviin                                :P:Ill:                   uskova
uskovilla                               :P:Ade:                   uskova
uskovilta                               :P:Abl:                   uskova
uskoville                               :P:All:                   uskova
uskovina                                :P:Ess:                   uskova
uskoviksi                               :P:Tra:                   uskova
uskovin                                 :P:Ins:                   uskova
uskovitta                               :P:Abe:                   uskova
uskovine                                :P:Kom:                   uskova
uskovainen                              :S:Nom:                   uskovainen
uskovaisen                              :S:Gen:                   uskovainen
uskovaista                              :S:Par:                   uskovainen
uskovaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   uskovainen
uskovaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   uskovainen
uskovaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   uskovainen
uskovaisella                            :S:Ade:                   uskovainen
uskovaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   uskovainen
uskovaiselle                            :S:All:                   uskovainen
uskovaisena                             :S:Ess:                   uskovainen
uskovaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uskovainen
uskovaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   uskovainen
uskovaiset                              :P:Nom:                   uskovainen
uskovaisten                             :P:Gen:                   uskovainen
uskovaisin                              :P:Gen:                   uskovainen
uskovaisia                              :P:Par:                   uskovainen
uskovaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   uskovainen
uskovaisista                            :P:Ela:                   uskovainen
uskovaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   uskovainen
uskovaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   uskovainen
uskovaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   uskovainen
uskovaisille                            :P:All:                   uskovainen
uskovaisina                             :P:Ess:                   uskovainen
uskovaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uskovainen
uskovaisin                              :P:Ins:                   uskovainen
uskovaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   uskovainen
uskovaisine                             :P:Kom:                   uskovainen
uskovaisuus                             :S:Nom:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuden                           :S:Gen:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuutta                           :S:Par:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuudella                         :S:Ade:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuudelle                         :S:All:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuutena                          :S:Ess:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuutta                           :S:Abe:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuudet                           :P:Nom:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksia                          :P:Par:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksille                        :P:All:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uskovaisuus
uskovaisuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uskovaisuus
ussa                                    :S:Nom:                   ussa
ussan                                   :S:Gen:                   ussa
ussaa                                   :S:Par:                   ussa
ussassa                                 :S:Ine:                   ussa
ussasta                                 :S:Ela:                   ussa
ussaan                                  :S:Ill:                   ussa
ussalla                                 :S:Ade:                   ussa
ussalta                                 :S:Abl:                   ussa
ussalle                                 :S:All:                   ussa
ussana                                  :S:Ess:                   ussa
ussaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   ussa
ussatta                                 :S:Abe:                   ussa
ussat                                   :P:Nom:                   ussa
ussien                                  :P:Gen:                   ussa
ussain                                  :P:Gen:                   ussa
ussia                                   :P:Par:                   ussa
ussissa                                 :P:Ine:                   ussa
ussista                                 :P:Ela:                   ussa
ussiin                                  :P:Ill:                   ussa
ussilla                                 :P:Ade:                   ussa
ussilta                                 :P:Abl:                   ussa
ussille                                 :P:All:                   ussa
ussina                                  :P:Ess:                   ussa
ussiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   ussa
ussin                                   :P:Ins:                   ussa
ussitta                                 :P:Abe:                   ussa
ussine                                  :P:Kom:                   ussa
usutan                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          usuttaa
usutat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usuttaa                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usutamme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usutatte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttavat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutetaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             usuttaa
usuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuta                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuteta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usutin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          usuttaa
usutit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usutti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usutimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usutitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttivat                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usuttanen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          usuttaa
usuttanet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usuttanee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usuttanemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usuttanette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttanevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttane                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usuttaisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          usuttaa
usuttaisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usuttaisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usuttaisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttaisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usuta                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usuttakoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usuttakaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usuttakaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttakoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             usuttaa
usuta                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttako                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttaa                                 :Inf1:                    usuttaa
usuttaakseen                            :Inf1:L:                  usuttaa
usuttaessa                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            usuttaa
usutettaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            usuttaa
usuttaen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            usuttaa
usuttamassa                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            usuttaa
usuttamasta                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            usuttaa
usuttamaan                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            usuttaa
usuttamalla                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            usuttaa
usuttamatta                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            usuttaa
usuttaman                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            usuttaa
usutettaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            usuttaa
usuttaminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                usuttaa
usuttamista                             :Inf4:Par:                usuttaa
usuttamaisillaan                        :Inf5:                    usuttaa
usuttava                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             usuttaa
usutettava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             usuttaa
usutettu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttama                                :Cip:Age:                 usuttaa
usuttamaton                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          usuttaa
usutettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             usuttaa
usuttanut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      usuttaa
usuttaneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      usuttaa
usutettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         usuttaa
usutus                                  :S:Nom:                   usutus
usutuksen                               :S:Gen:                   usutus
usutusta                                :S:Par:                   usutus
usutuksessa                             :S:Ine:                   usutus
usutuksesta                             :S:Ela:                   usutus
usutukseen                              :S:Ill:                   usutus
usutuksella                             :S:Ade:                   usutus
usutukselta                             :S:Abl:                   usutus
usutukselle                             :S:All:                   usutus
usutuksena                              :S:Ess:                   usutus
usutukseksi                             :S:Tra:                   usutus
usutuksetta                             :S:Abe:                   usutus
usutukset                               :P:Nom:                   usutus
usutusten                               :P:Gen:                   usutus
usutuksien                              :P:Gen:                   usutus
usutuksia                               :P:Par:                   usutus
usutuksissa                             :P:Ine:                   usutus
usutuksista                             :P:Ela:                   usutus
usutuksiin                              :P:Ill:                   usutus
usutuksilla                             :P:Ade:                   usutus
usutuksilta                             :P:Abl:                   usutus
usutuksille                             :P:All:                   usutus
usutuksina                              :P:Ess:                   usutus
usutuksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   usutus
usutuksin                               :P:Ins:                   usutus
usutuksitta                             :P:Abe:                   usutus
usutuksine                              :P:Kom:                   usutus
usva                                    :S:Nom:                   usva
usvan                                   :S:Gen:                   usva
usvaa                                   :S:Par:                   usva
usvassa                                 :S:Ine:                   usva
usvasta                                 :S:Ela:                   usva
usvaan                                  :S:Ill:                   usva
usvalla                                 :S:Ade:                   usva
usvalta                                 :S:Abl:                   usva
usvalle                                 :S:All:                   usva
usvana                                  :S:Ess:                   usva
usvaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   usva
usvatta                                 :S:Abe:                   usva
usvat                                   :P:Nom:                   usva
usvien                                  :P:Gen:                   usva
usvain                                  :P:Gen:                   usva
usvia                                   :P:Par:                   usva
usvissa                                 :P:Ine:                   usva
usvista                                 :P:Ela:                   usva
usviin                                  :P:Ill:                   usva
usvilla                                 :P:Ade:                   usva
usvilta                                 :P:Abl:                   usva
usville                                 :P:All:                   usva
usvina                                  :P:Ess:                   usva
usviksi                                 :P:Tra:                   usva
usvin                                   :P:Ins:                   usva
usvitta                                 :P:Abe:                   usva
usvine                                  :P:Kom:                   usva
usvainen                                :S:Nom:                   usvainen
usvaisen                                :S:Gen:                   usvainen
usvaista                                :S:Par:                   usvainen
usvaisessa                              :S:Ine:                   usvainen
usvaisesta                              :S:Ela:                   usvainen
usvaiseen                               :S:Ill:                   usvainen
usvaisella                              :S:Ade:                   usvainen
usvaiselta                              :S:Abl:                   usvainen
usvaiselle                              :S:All:                   usvainen
usvaisena                               :S:Ess:                   usvainen
usvaiseksi                              :S:Tra:                   usvainen
usvaisetta                              :S:Abe:                   usvainen
usvaiset                                :P:Nom:                   usvainen
usvaisten                               :P:Gen:                   usvainen
usvaisin                                :P:Gen:                   usvainen
usvaisia                                :P:Par:                   usvainen
usvaisissa                              :P:Ine:                   usvainen
usvaisista                              :P:Ela:                   usvainen
usvaisiin                               :P:Ill:                   usvainen
usvaisilla                              :P:Ade:                   usvainen
usvaisilta                              :P:Abl:                   usvainen
usvaisille                              :P:All:                   usvainen
usvaisina                               :P:Ess:                   usvainen
usvaisiksi                              :P:Tra:                   usvainen
usvaisin                                :P:Ins:                   usvainen
usvaisitta                              :P:Abe:                   usvainen
usvaisine                               :P:Kom:                   usvainen
usvaisuus                               :S:Nom:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuden                             :S:Gen:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuutta                             :S:Par:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuudessa                           :S:Ine:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuudesta                           :S:Ela:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuteen                            :S:Ill:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuudella                           :S:Ade:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuudelta                           :S:Abl:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuudelle                           :S:All:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuutena                            :S:Ess:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuutta                             :S:Abe:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuudet                             :P:Nom:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksien                           :P:Gen:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksia                            :P:Par:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksista                          :P:Ela:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksille                          :P:All:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksina                           :P:Ess:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksin                            :P:Ins:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   usvaisuus
usvaisuuksine                           :P:Kom:                   usvaisuus
utare                                   :S:Nom:                   utare
utareen                                 :S:Gen:                   utare
utareeen                                :S:Gen:                   utare
utareta                                 :S:Par:                   utare
utareetta                               :S:Par:                   utare
utareessa                               :S:Ine:                   utare
utareeessa                              :S:Ine:                   utare
utareesta                               :S:Ela:                   utare
utareeesta                              :S:Ela:                   utare
utareeen                                :S:Ill:                   utare
utareeeseen                             :S:Ill:                   utare
utareella                               :S:Ade:                   utare
utareeella                              :S:Ade:                   utare
utareelta                               :S:Abl:                   utare
utareeelta                              :S:Abl:                   utare
utareelle                               :S:All:                   utare
utareeelle                              :S:All:                   utare
utareena                                :S:Ess:                   utare
utareeena                               :S:Ess:                   utare
utareeksi                               :S:Tra:                   utare
utareeeksi                              :S:Tra:                   utare
utareetta                               :S:Abe:                   utare
utareeetta                              :S:Abe:                   utare
utareet                                 :P:Nom:                   utare
utareeet                                :P:Nom:                   utare
utareten                                :P:Gen:                   utare
utareien                                :P:Gen:                   utare
utareeiden                              :P:Gen:                   utare
utareeitten                             :P:Gen:                   utare
utareia                                 :P:Par:                   utare
utareeita                               :P:Par:                   utare
utareissa                               :P:Ine:                   utare
utareeissa                              :P:Ine:                   utare
utareista                               :P:Ela:                   utare
utareeista                              :P:Ela:                   utare
utareiin                                :P:Ill:                   utare
utareeisiin                             :P:Ill:                   utare
utareeihin                              :P:Ill:                   utare
utareilla                               :P:Ade:                   utare
utareeilla                              :P:Ade:                   utare
utareilta                               :P:Abl:                   utare
utareeilta                              :P:Abl:                   utare
utareille                               :P:All:                   utare
utareeille                              :P:All:                   utare
utareina                                :P:Ess:                   utare
utareeina                               :P:Ess:                   utare
utareiksi                               :P:Tra:                   utare
utareeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   utare
utarein                                 :P:Ins:                   utare
utareein                                :P:Ins:                   utare
utareitta                               :P:Abe:                   utare
utareeitta                              :P:Abe:                   utare
utareeine                               :P:Kom:                   utare
utareliivi                              :S:Nom:                   utareliivi
utareliivin                             :S:Gen:                   utareliivi
utareliivia                             :S:Par:                   utareliivi
utareliivissa                           :S:Ine:                   utareliivi
utareliivista                           :S:Ela:                   utareliivi
utareliiviin                            :S:Ill:                   utareliivi
utareliivilla                           :S:Ade:                   utareliivi
utareliivilta                           :S:Abl:                   utareliivi
utareliiville                           :S:All:                   utareliivi
utareliivina                            :S:Ess:                   utareliivi
utareliiviksi                           :S:Tra:                   utareliivi
utareliivitta                           :S:Abe:                   utareliivi
utareliivit                             :P:Nom:                   utareliivi
utareliivien                            :P:Gen:                   utareliivi
utareliiveja                            :P:Par:                   utareliivi
utareliiveissa                          :P:Ine:                   utareliivi
utareliiveista                          :P:Ela:                   utareliivi
utareliiveihin                          :P:Ill:                   utareliivi
utareliiveilla                          :P:Ade:                   utareliivi
utareliiveilta                          :P:Abl:                   utareliivi
utareliiveille                          :P:All:                   utareliivi
utareliiveina                           :P:Ess:                   utareliivi
utareliiveiksi                          :P:Tra:                   utareliivi
utareliivein                            :P:Ins:                   utareliivi
utareliiveitta                          :P:Abe:                   utareliivi
utareliiveine                           :P:Kom:                   utareliivi
utaretulehdus                           :S:Nom:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksen                        :S:Gen:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehdusta                         :S:Par:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksessa                      :S:Ine:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksesta                      :S:Ela:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehdukseen                       :S:Ill:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksella                      :S:Ade:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehdukselta                      :S:Abl:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehdukselle                      :S:All:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksena                       :S:Ess:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehdukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksetta                      :S:Abe:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehdukset                        :P:Nom:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehdusten                        :P:Gen:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksien                       :P:Gen:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksia                        :P:Par:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksissa                      :P:Ine:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksista                      :P:Ela:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksiin                       :P:Ill:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksilla                      :P:Ade:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksilta                      :P:Abl:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksille                      :P:All:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksina                       :P:Ess:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksin                        :P:Ins:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksitta                      :P:Abe:                   utaretulehdus
utaretulehduksine                       :P:Kom:                   utaretulehdus
uteliaisuus                             :S:Nom:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuden                           :S:Gen:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuutta                           :S:Par:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuudella                         :S:Ade:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuudelle                         :S:All:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuutena                          :S:Ess:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuutta                           :S:Abe:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuudet                           :P:Nom:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksia                          :P:Par:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksille                        :P:All:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uteliaisuus
uteliaisuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uteliaisuus
utelias                                 :S:Nom:                   utelias
uteliaan                                :S:Gen:                   utelias
uteliasta                               :S:Par:                   utelias
uteliaassa                              :S:Ine:                   utelias
uteliaasta                              :S:Ela:                   utelias
uteliaaseen                             :S:Ill:                   utelias
uteliaalla                              :S:Ade:                   utelias
uteliaalta                              :S:Abl:                   utelias
uteliaalle                              :S:All:                   utelias
uteliaana                               :S:Ess:                   utelias
uteliaaksi                              :S:Tra:                   utelias
uteliaatta                              :S:Abe:                   utelias
uteliaat                                :P:Nom:                   utelias
uteliaiden                              :P:Gen:                   utelias
uteliaitten                             :P:Gen:                   utelias
uteliaita                               :P:Par:                   utelias
uteliaissa                              :P:Ine:                   utelias
uteliaista                              :P:Ela:                   utelias
uteliaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   utelias
uteliailla                              :P:Ade:                   utelias
uteliailta                              :P:Abl:                   utelias
uteliaille                              :P:All:                   utelias
uteliaina                               :P:Ess:                   utelias
uteliaiksi                              :P:Tra:                   utelias
uteliain                                :P:Ins:                   utelias
uteliaitta                              :P:Abe:                   utelias
uteliaine                               :P:Kom:                   utelias
utelija                                 :S:Nom:                   utelija
utelijan                                :S:Gen:                   utelija
utelijaa                                :S:Par:                   utelija
utelijassa                              :S:Ine:                   utelija
utelijasta                              :S:Ela:                   utelija
utelijaan                               :S:Ill:                   utelija
utelijalla                              :S:Ade:                   utelija
utelijalta                              :S:Abl:                   utelija
utelijalle                              :S:All:                   utelija
utelijana                               :S:Ess:                   utelija
utelijaksi                              :S:Tra:                   utelija
utelijatta                              :S:Abe:                   utelija
utelijat                                :P:Nom:                   utelija
utelijoiden                             :P:Gen:                   utelija
utelijoitten                            :P:Gen:                   utelija
utelijain                               :P:Gen:                   utelija
utelijoita                              :P:Par:                   utelija
utelijoissa                             :P:Ine:                   utelija
utelijoista                             :P:Ela:                   utelija
utelijoihin                             :P:Ill:                   utelija
utelijoilla                             :P:Ade:                   utelija
utelijoilta                             :P:Abl:                   utelija
utelijoille                             :P:All:                   utelija
utelijoina                              :P:Ess:                   utelija
utelijoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   utelija
utelijoin                               :P:Ins:                   utelija
utelijoitta                             :P:Abe:                   utelija
utelijoine                              :P:Kom:                   utelija
utelu                                   :S:Nom:                   utelu
utelun                                  :S:Gen:                   utelu
utelua                                  :S:Par:                   utelu
utelussa                                :S:Ine:                   utelu
utelusta                                :S:Ela:                   utelu
uteluun                                 :S:Ill:                   utelu
utelulla                                :S:Ade:                   utelu
utelulta                                :S:Abl:                   utelu
utelulle                                :S:All:                   utelu
uteluna                                 :S:Ess:                   utelu
uteluksi                                :S:Tra:                   utelu
utelutta                                :S:Abe:                   utelu
utelut                                  :P:Nom:                   utelu
utelujen                                :P:Gen:                   utelu
uteluiden                               :P:Gen:                   utelu
uteluitten                              :P:Gen:                   utelu
uteluja                                 :P:Par:                   utelu
uteluita                                :P:Par:                   utelu
uteluissa                               :P:Ine:                   utelu
uteluista                               :P:Ela:                   utelu
uteluihin                               :P:Ill:                   utelu
uteluilla                               :P:Ade:                   utelu
uteluilta                               :P:Abl:                   utelu
uteluille                               :P:All:                   utelu
uteluina                                :P:Ess:                   utelu
uteluiksi                               :P:Tra:                   utelu
uteluin                                 :P:Ins:                   utelu
uteluitta                               :P:Abe:                   utelu
uteluine                                :P:Kom:                   utelu
utilitarismi                            :S:Nom:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismin                           :S:Gen:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismia                           :S:Par:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismissa                         :S:Ine:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismista                         :S:Ela:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismiin                          :S:Ill:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismilla                         :S:Ade:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismilta                         :S:Abl:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismille                         :S:All:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismina                          :S:Ess:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismiksi                         :S:Tra:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismitta                         :S:Abe:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismit                           :P:Nom:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismien                          :P:Gen:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeja                          :P:Par:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeissa                        :P:Ine:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeista                        :P:Ela:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeihin                        :P:Ill:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeilla                        :P:Ade:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeilta                        :P:Abl:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeille                        :P:All:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeina                         :P:Ess:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismein                          :P:Ins:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeitta                        :P:Abe:                   utilitarismi
utilitarismeine                         :P:Kom:                   utilitarismi
utilitaristi                            :S:Nom:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristin                           :S:Gen:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristia                           :S:Par:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristissa                         :S:Ine:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristista                         :S:Ela:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristiin                          :S:Ill:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristilla                         :S:Ade:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristilta                         :S:Abl:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristille                         :S:All:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristina                          :S:Ess:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristiksi                         :S:Tra:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristitta                         :S:Abe:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristit                           :P:Nom:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristien                          :P:Gen:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeja                          :P:Par:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeissa                        :P:Ine:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeista                        :P:Ela:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeihin                        :P:Ill:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeilla                        :P:Ade:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeilta                        :P:Abl:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeille                        :P:All:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeina                         :P:Ess:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristein                          :P:Ins:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeitta                        :P:Abe:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristeine                         :P:Kom:                   utilitaristi
utilitaristinen                         :S:Nom:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisen                         :S:Gen:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristista                         :S:Par:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisessa                       :S:Ine:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisesta                       :S:Ela:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristiseen                        :S:Ill:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisella                       :S:Ade:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristiselta                       :S:Abl:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristiselle                       :S:All:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisena                        :S:Ess:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisetta                       :S:Abe:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristiset                         :P:Nom:                   utilitaristinen
utilitarististen                        :P:Gen:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisin                         :P:Gen:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisia                         :P:Par:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisissa                       :P:Ine:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisista                       :P:Ela:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisiin                        :P:Ill:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisilla                       :P:Ade:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisilta                       :P:Abl:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisille                       :P:All:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisina                        :P:Ess:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisin                         :P:Ins:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisitta                       :P:Abe:                   utilitaristinen
utilitaristisine                        :P:Kom:                   utilitaristinen
utooppinen                              :S:Nom:                   utooppinen
utooppisen                              :S:Gen:                   utooppinen
utooppista                              :S:Par:                   utooppinen
utooppisessa                            :S:Ine:                   utooppinen
utooppisesta                            :S:Ela:                   utooppinen
utooppiseen                             :S:Ill:                   utooppinen
utooppisella                            :S:Ade:                   utooppinen
utooppiselta                            :S:Abl:                   utooppinen
utooppiselle                            :S:All:                   utooppinen
utooppisena                             :S:Ess:                   utooppinen
utooppiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   utooppinen
utooppisetta                            :S:Abe:                   utooppinen
utooppiset                              :P:Nom:                   utooppinen
utooppisten                             :P:Gen:                   utooppinen
utooppisin                              :P:Gen:                   utooppinen
utooppisia                              :P:Par:                   utooppinen
utooppisissa                            :P:Ine:                   utooppinen
utooppisista                            :P:Ela:                   utooppinen
utooppisiin                             :P:Ill:                   utooppinen
utooppisilla                            :P:Ade:                   utooppinen
utooppisilta                            :P:Abl:                   utooppinen
utooppisille                            :P:All:                   utooppinen
utooppisina                             :P:Ess:                   utooppinen
utooppisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   utooppinen
utooppisin                              :P:Ins:                   utooppinen
utooppisitta                            :P:Abe:                   utooppinen
utooppisine                             :P:Kom:                   utooppinen
utopia                                  :S:Nom:                   utopia
utopian                                 :S:Gen:                   utopia
utopiaa                                 :S:Par:                   utopia
utopiassa                               :S:Ine:                   utopia
utopiasta                               :S:Ela:                   utopia
utopiaan                                :S:Ill:                   utopia
utopialla                               :S:Ade:                   utopia
utopialta                               :S:Abl:                   utopia
utopialle                               :S:All:                   utopia
utopiana                                :S:Ess:                   utopia
utopiaksi                               :S:Tra:                   utopia
utopiatta                               :S:Abe:                   utopia
utopiat                                 :P:Nom:                   utopia
utopioiden                              :P:Gen:                   utopia
utopioitten                             :P:Gen:                   utopia
utopiain                                :P:Gen:                   utopia
utopioita                               :P:Par:                   utopia
utopioissa                              :P:Ine:                   utopia
utopioista                              :P:Ela:                   utopia
utopioihin                              :P:Ill:                   utopia
utopioilla                              :P:Ade:                   utopia
utopioilta                              :P:Abl:                   utopia
utopioille                              :P:All:                   utopia
utopioina                               :P:Ess:                   utopia
utopioiksi                              :P:Tra:                   utopia
utopioin                                :P:Ins:                   utopia
utopioitta                              :P:Abe:                   utopia
utopioine                               :P:Kom:                   utopia
utopisti                                :S:Nom:                   utopisti
utopistin                               :S:Gen:                   utopisti
utopistia                               :S:Par:                   utopisti
utopistissa                             :S:Ine:                   utopisti
utopistista                             :S:Ela:                   utopisti
utopistiin                              :S:Ill:                   utopisti
utopistilla                             :S:Ade:                   utopisti
utopistilta                             :S:Abl:                   utopisti
utopistille                             :S:All:                   utopisti
utopistina                              :S:Ess:                   utopisti
utopistiksi                             :S:Tra:                   utopisti
utopistitta                             :S:Abe:                   utopisti
utopistit                               :P:Nom:                   utopisti
utopistien                              :P:Gen:                   utopisti
utopisteja                              :P:Par:                   utopisti
utopisteissa                            :P:Ine:                   utopisti
utopisteista                            :P:Ela:                   utopisti
utopisteihin                            :P:Ill:                   utopisti
utopisteilla                            :P:Ade:                   utopisti
utopisteilta                            :P:Abl:                   utopisti
utopisteille                            :P:All:                   utopisti
utopisteina                             :P:Ess:                   utopisti
utopisteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   utopisti
utopistein                              :P:Ins:                   utopisti
utopisteitta                            :P:Abe:                   utopisti
utopisteine                             :P:Kom:                   utopisti
utopistinen                             :S:Nom:                   utopistinen
utopistisen                             :S:Gen:                   utopistinen
utopistista                             :S:Par:                   utopistinen
utopistisessa                           :S:Ine:                   utopistinen
utopistisesta                           :S:Ela:                   utopistinen
utopistiseen                            :S:Ill:                   utopistinen
utopistisella                           :S:Ade:                   utopistinen
utopistiselta                           :S:Abl:                   utopistinen
utopistiselle                           :S:All:                   utopistinen
utopistisena                            :S:Ess:                   utopistinen
utopistiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   utopistinen
utopistisetta                           :S:Abe:                   utopistinen
utopistiset                             :P:Nom:                   utopistinen
utopististen                            :P:Gen:                   utopistinen
utopistisin                             :P:Gen:                   utopistinen
utopistisia                             :P:Par:                   utopistinen
utopistisissa                           :P:Ine:                   utopistinen
utopistisista                           :P:Ela:                   utopistinen
utopistisiin                            :P:Ill:                   utopistinen
utopistisilla                           :P:Ade:                   utopistinen
utopistisilta                           :P:Abl:                   utopistinen
utopistisille                           :P:All:                   utopistinen
utopistisina                            :P:Ess:                   utopistinen
utopistisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   utopistinen
utopistisin                             :P:Ins:                   utopistinen
utopistisitta                           :P:Abe:                   utopistinen
utopistisine                            :P:Kom:                   utopistinen
utopistisuus                            :S:Nom:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuutta                          :S:Par:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuudelle                        :S:All:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksille                       :P:All:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   utopistisuus
utopistisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   utopistisuus
utu                                     :S:Nom:                   utu
udun                                    :S:Gen:                   utu
utua                                    :S:Par:                   utu
udussa                                  :S:Ine:                   utu
udusta                                  :S:Ela:                   utu
utuun                                   :S:Ill:                   utu
udulla                                  :S:Ade:                   utu
udulta                                  :S:Abl:                   utu
udulle                                  :S:All:                   utu
utuna                                   :S:Ess:                   utu
uduksi                                  :S:Tra:                   utu
udutta                                  :S:Abe:                   utu
udut                                    :P:Nom:                   utu
utujen                                  :P:Gen:                   utu
utuja                                   :P:Par:                   utu
uduissa                                 :P:Ine:                   utu
uduista                                 :P:Ela:                   utu
utuihin                                 :P:Ill:                   utu
uduilla                                 :P:Ade:                   utu
uduilta                                 :P:Abl:                   utu
uduille                                 :P:All:                   utu
utuina                                  :P:Ess:                   utu
uduiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   utu
uduin                                   :P:Ins:                   utu
uduitta                                 :P:Abe:                   utu
utuine                                  :P:Kom:                   utu
utuinen                                 :S:Nom:                   utuinen
utuisen                                 :S:Gen:                   utuinen
utuista                                 :S:Par:                   utuinen
utuisessa                               :S:Ine:                   utuinen
utuisesta                               :S:Ela:                   utuinen
utuiseen                                :S:Ill:                   utuinen
utuisella                               :S:Ade:                   utuinen
utuiselta                               :S:Abl:                   utuinen
utuiselle                               :S:All:                   utuinen
utuisena                                :S:Ess:                   utuinen
utuiseksi                               :S:Tra:                   utuinen
utuisetta                               :S:Abe:                   utuinen
utuiset                                 :P:Nom:                   utuinen
utuisten                                :P:Gen:                   utuinen
utuisin                                 :P:Gen:                   utuinen
utuisia                                 :P:Par:                   utuinen
utuisissa                               :P:Ine:                   utuinen
utuisista                               :P:Ela:                   utuinen
utuisiin                                :P:Ill:                   utuinen
utuisilla                               :P:Ade:                   utuinen
utuisilta                               :P:Abl:                   utuinen
utuisille                               :P:All:                   utuinen
utuisina                                :P:Ess:                   utuinen
utuisiksi                               :P:Tra:                   utuinen
utuisin                                 :P:Ins:                   utuinen
utuisitta                               :P:Abe:                   utuinen
utuisine                                :P:Kom:                   utuinen
utupilvi                                :S:Nom:                   utupilvi
utupilven                               :S:Gen:                   utupilvi
utupilveä                               :S:Par:                   utupilvi
utupilvessä                             :S:Ine:                   utupilvi
utupilvestä                             :S:Ela:                   utupilvi
utupilveen                              :S:Ill:                   utupilvi
utupilvellä                             :S:Ade:                   utupilvi
utupilveltä                             :S:Abl:                   utupilvi
utupilvelle                             :S:All:                   utupilvi
utupilvenä                              :S:Ess:                   utupilvi
utupilveksi                             :S:Tra:                   utupilvi
utupilvettä                             :S:Abe:                   utupilvi
utupilvet                               :P:Nom:                   utupilvi
utupilvien                              :P:Gen:                   utupilvi
utupilviä                               :P:Par:                   utupilvi
utupilvissä                             :P:Ine:                   utupilvi
utupilvistä                             :P:Ela:                   utupilvi
utupilviin                              :P:Ill:                   utupilvi
utupilvillä                             :P:Ade:                   utupilvi
utupilviltä                             :P:Abl:                   utupilvi
utupilville                             :P:All:                   utupilvi
utupilvinä                              :P:Ess:                   utupilvi
utupilviksi                             :P:Tra:                   utupilvi
utupilvin                               :P:Ins:                   utupilvi
utupilvittä                             :P:Abe:                   utupilvi
utupilvine                              :P:Kom:                   utupilvi
uudelleenarviointi                      :S:Nom:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnin                     :S:Gen:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarviointia                     :S:Par:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnissa                   :S:Ine:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnista                   :S:Ela:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarviointiin                    :S:Ill:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnilla                   :S:Ade:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnilta                   :S:Abl:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnille                   :S:All:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarviointina                    :S:Ess:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinniksi                   :S:Tra:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnitta                   :S:Abe:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnit                     :P:Nom:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarviointien                    :P:Gen:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarviointeja                    :P:Par:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinneissa                  :P:Ine:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinneista                  :P:Ela:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarviointeihin                  :P:Ill:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinneilla                  :P:Ade:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinneilta                  :P:Abl:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinneille                  :P:All:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarviointeina                   :P:Ess:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinneiksi                  :P:Tra:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinnein                    :P:Ins:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarvioinneitta                  :P:Abe:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenarviointeine                   :P:Kom:                   uudelleenarviointi
uudelleenjärjestely                     :S:Nom:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyn                    :S:Gen:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyä                    :S:Par:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyssä                  :S:Ine:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelystä                  :S:Ela:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyyn                   :S:Ill:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyllä                  :S:Ade:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyltä                  :S:Abl:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelylle                  :S:All:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelynä                   :S:Ess:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyksi                  :S:Tra:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyttä                  :S:Abe:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyt                    :P:Nom:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyjen                  :P:Gen:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyiden                 :P:Gen:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyitten                :P:Gen:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyjä                   :P:Par:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyitä                  :P:Par:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyissä                 :P:Ine:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyistä                 :P:Ela:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyihin                 :P:Ill:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyillä                 :P:Ade:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyiltä                 :P:Abl:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyille                 :P:All:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyinä                  :P:Ess:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyiksi                 :P:Tra:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyin                   :P:Ins:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyittä                 :P:Abe:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenjärjestelyine                  :P:Kom:                   uudelleenjärjestely
uudelleenkoulutus                       :S:Nom:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksen                    :S:Gen:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutusta                     :S:Par:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksessa                  :S:Ine:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksesta                  :S:Ela:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutukseen                   :S:Ill:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksella                  :S:Ade:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutukselta                  :S:Abl:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutukselle                  :S:All:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksena                   :S:Ess:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksetta                  :S:Abe:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutukset                    :P:Nom:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutusten                    :P:Gen:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksien                   :P:Gen:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksia                    :P:Par:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksista                  :P:Ela:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksille                  :P:All:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksina                   :P:Ess:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksin                    :P:Ins:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkoulutuksine                   :P:Kom:                   uudelleenkoulutus
uudelleenkäyttö                         :S:Nom:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytön                         :S:Gen:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäyttöä                        :S:Par:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytössä                       :S:Ine:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöstä                       :S:Ela:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäyttöön                       :S:Ill:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöllä                       :S:Ade:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöltä                       :S:Abl:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytölle                       :S:All:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäyttönä                       :S:Ess:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöksi                       :S:Tra:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöttä                       :S:Abe:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöt                         :P:Nom:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäyttöjen                      :P:Gen:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäyttöjä                       :P:Par:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöissä                      :P:Ine:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöistä                      :P:Ela:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäyttöihin                     :P:Ill:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöillä                      :P:Ade:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöille                      :P:All:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäyttöinä                      :P:Ess:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöin                        :P:Ins:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäytöittä                      :P:Abe:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenkäyttöine                      :P:Kom:                   uudelleenkäyttö
uudelleenvalinta                        :S:Nom:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnan                       :S:Gen:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintaa                       :S:Par:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnassa                     :S:Ine:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnasta                     :S:Ela:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintaan                      :S:Ill:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnalla                     :S:Ade:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnalta                     :S:Abl:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnalle                     :S:All:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintana                      :S:Ess:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnaksi                     :S:Tra:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnatta                     :S:Abe:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnat                       :P:Nom:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintojen                     :P:Gen:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintain                      :P:Gen:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintoja                      :P:Par:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnoissa                    :P:Ine:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnoista                    :P:Ela:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintoihin                    :P:Ill:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnoilla                    :P:Ade:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnoilta                    :P:Abl:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnoille                    :P:All:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintoina                     :P:Ess:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnoin                      :P:Ins:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalinnoitta                    :P:Abe:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudelleenvalintoine                     :P:Kom:                   uudelleenvalinta
uudenaikainen                           :S:Nom:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisen                           :S:Gen:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaista                           :S:Par:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisella                         :S:Ade:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaiselle                         :S:All:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisena                          :S:Ess:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaiset                           :P:Nom:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisten                          :P:Gen:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisin                           :P:Gen:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisia                           :P:Par:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisista                         :P:Ela:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisille                         :P:All:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisina                          :P:Ess:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisin                           :P:Ins:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   uudenaikainen
uudenaikaisine                          :P:Kom:                   uudenaikainen
uudenlainen                             :S:Nom:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisen                             :S:Gen:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaista                             :S:Par:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisella                           :S:Ade:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaiselle                           :S:All:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisena                            :S:Ess:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaiset                             :P:Nom:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisten                            :P:Gen:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisin                             :P:Gen:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisia                             :P:Par:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisista                           :P:Ela:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisille                           :P:All:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisina                            :P:Ess:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisin                             :P:Ins:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   uudenlainen
uudenlaisine                            :P:Kom:                   uudenlainen
uudenmallinen                           :S:Nom:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisen                           :S:Gen:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallista                           :S:Par:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisessa                         :S:Ine:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisesta                         :S:Ela:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmalliseen                          :S:Ill:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisella                         :S:Ade:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmalliselta                         :S:Abl:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmalliselle                         :S:All:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisena                          :S:Ess:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmalliseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisetta                         :S:Abe:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmalliset                           :P:Nom:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisten                          :P:Gen:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisin                           :P:Gen:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisia                           :P:Par:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisissa                         :P:Ine:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisista                         :P:Ela:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisilla                         :P:Ade:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisilta                         :P:Abl:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisille                         :P:All:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisina                          :P:Ess:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisin                           :P:Ins:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisitta                         :P:Abe:                   uudenmallinen
uudenmallisine                          :P:Kom:                   uudenmallinen
uudennos                                :S:Nom:                   uudennos
uudennoksen                             :S:Gen:                   uudennos
uudennosta                              :S:Par:                   uudennos
uudennoksessa                           :S:Ine:                   uudennos
uudennoksesta                           :S:Ela:                   uudennos
uudennokseen                            :S:Ill:                   uudennos
uudennoksella                           :S:Ade:                   uudennos
uudennokselta                           :S:Abl:                   uudennos
uudennokselle                           :S:All:                   uudennos
uudennoksena                            :S:Ess:                   uudennos
uudennokseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uudennos
uudennoksetta                           :S:Abe:                   uudennos
uudennokset                             :P:Nom:                   uudennos
uudennosten                             :P:Gen:                   uudennos
uudennoksien                            :P:Gen:                   uudennos
uudennoksia                             :P:Par:                   uudennos
uudennoksissa                           :P:Ine:                   uudennos
uudennoksista                           :P:Ela:                   uudennos
uudennoksiin                            :P:Ill:                   uudennos
uudennoksilla                           :P:Ade:                   uudennos
uudennoksilta                           :P:Abl:                   uudennos
uudennoksille                           :P:All:                   uudennos
uudennoksina                            :P:Ess:                   uudennos
uudennoksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uudennos
uudennoksin                             :P:Ins:                   uudennos
uudennoksitta                           :P:Abe:                   uudennos
uudennoksine                            :P:Kom:                   uudennos
uudennus                                :S:Nom:                   uudennus
uudennuksen                             :S:Gen:                   uudennus
uudennusta                              :S:Par:                   uudennus
uudennuksessa                           :S:Ine:                   uudennus
uudennuksesta                           :S:Ela:                   uudennus
uudennukseen                            :S:Ill:                   uudennus
uudennuksella                           :S:Ade:                   uudennus
uudennukselta                           :S:Abl:                   uudennus
uudennukselle                           :S:All:                   uudennus
uudennuksena                            :S:Ess:                   uudennus
uudennukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uudennus
uudennuksetta                           :S:Abe:                   uudennus
uudennukset                             :P:Nom:                   uudennus
uudennusten                             :P:Gen:                   uudennus
uudennuksien                            :P:Gen:                   uudennus
uudennuksia                             :P:Par:                   uudennus
uudennuksissa                           :P:Ine:                   uudennus
uudennuksista                           :P:Ela:                   uudennus
uudennuksiin                            :P:Ill:                   uudennus
uudennuksilla                           :P:Ade:                   uudennus
uudennuksilta                           :P:Abl:                   uudennus
uudennuksille                           :P:All:                   uudennus
uudennuksina                            :P:Ess:                   uudennus
uudennuksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uudennus
uudennuksin                             :P:Ins:                   uudennus
uudennuksitta                           :P:Abe:                   uudennus
uudennuksine                            :P:Kom:                   uudennus
uudenseelanninpinaatti                  :S:Nom:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatin                  :S:Gen:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaattia                 :S:Par:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatissa                :S:Ine:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatista                :S:Ela:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaattiin                :S:Ill:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatilla                :S:Ade:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatilta                :S:Abl:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatille                :S:All:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaattina                :S:Ess:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatiksi                :S:Tra:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatitta                :S:Abe:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatit                  :P:Nom:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaattien                :P:Gen:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatteja                :P:Par:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaateissa               :P:Ine:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaateista               :P:Ela:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatteihin              :P:Ill:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaateilla               :P:Ade:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaateilta               :P:Abl:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaateille               :P:All:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatteina               :P:Ess:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaateiksi               :P:Tra:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatein                 :P:Ins:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaateitta               :P:Abe:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudenseelanninpinaatteine               :P:Kom:                   uudenseelanninpinaatti
uudennan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudentaa
uudennat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudentaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudennamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudennatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudentavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uudentaa
uudenna                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudenna                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudenna                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudenna                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudenna                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudenna                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudenneta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudensin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uudentaa
uudensit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudensi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudensimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudensitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudensivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudentanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudentaa
uudentanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudentanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudentanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudentanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudentanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudentaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudentaa
uudentaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudentaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudentaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudentaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudentaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudenna                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudentakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudentakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudentakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudentakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uudentaa
uudenna                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentaa                                :Inf1:                    uudentaa
uudentaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uudentaa
uudentaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uudentaa
uudennettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uudentaa
uudentaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uudentaa
uudentamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uudentaa
uudentamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uudentaa
uudentamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uudentaa
uudentamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uudentaa
uudentamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uudentaa
uudentaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uudentaa
uudennettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uudentaa
uudentaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uudentaa
uudentamista                            :Inf4:Par:                uudentaa
uudentamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uudentaa
uudentava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uudentaa
uudennettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentama                               :Cip:Age:                 uudentaa
uudentamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uudentaa
uudentanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudentaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentaa
uudennettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudentaa
uudennun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudentua
uudennut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudennumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudennutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uudentua
uudennu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentua
uudennu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudennu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudennu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudennu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudennuin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uudentua
uudennuit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudennuimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudennuitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudentunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudentua
uudentunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudentunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudentunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uudentua
uudentune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudentuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudentua
uudentuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudentuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudentuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uudentua
uudentuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudennu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudentukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudentukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uudentua
uudennu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uudentua
uudentua                                :Inf1:                    uudentua
uudentuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uudentua
uudentuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uudentua
uudennuttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uudentua
uudentuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uudentua
uudentumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uudentua
uudentumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uudentua
uudentumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uudentua
uudentumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uudentua
uudentumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uudentua
uudentuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uudentua
uudennuttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uudentua
uudentuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uudentua
uudentumista                            :Inf4:Par:                uudentua
uudentumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uudentua
uudentuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uudentua
uudennuttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uudentua
uudentunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uudentua
uudentuma                               :Cip:Age:                 uudentua
uudentumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudentunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uudentua
uudentunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uudentua
uudentunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudentunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uudentua
uudentunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uudentua
uudentunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uudentua
uudentunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudentunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uudentua
uudentunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudentua
uudentuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudentua
uudennuttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudentua
uudentyyppinen                          :S:Nom:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisen                          :S:Gen:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppistä                          :S:Par:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisessä                        :S:Ine:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisestä                        :S:Ela:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppiseen                         :S:Ill:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisellä                        :S:Ade:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppiseltä                        :S:Abl:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppiselle                        :S:All:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisenä                         :S:Ess:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisettä                        :S:Abe:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppiset                          :P:Nom:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisten                         :P:Gen:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisin                          :P:Gen:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisiä                          :P:Par:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisissä                        :P:Ine:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisistä                        :P:Ela:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisillä                        :P:Ade:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisiltä                        :P:Abl:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisille                        :P:All:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisinä                         :P:Ess:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisin                          :P:Ins:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisittä                        :P:Abe:                   uudentyyppinen
uudentyyppisine                         :P:Kom:                   uudentyyppinen
uudenvuodenaatto                        :S:Nom:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaaton                        :S:Gen:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaattoa                       :S:Par:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatossa                      :S:Ine:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatosta                      :S:Ela:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaattoon                      :S:Ill:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatolla                      :S:Ade:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatolta                      :S:Abl:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatolle                      :S:All:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaattona                      :S:Ess:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoksi                      :S:Tra:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatotta                      :S:Abe:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatot                        :P:Nom:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaattojen                     :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaattoja                      :P:Par:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoissa                     :P:Ine:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoista                     :P:Ela:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaattoihin                    :P:Ill:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoilla                     :P:Ade:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoilta                     :P:Abl:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoille                     :P:All:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaattoina                     :P:Ess:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoin                       :P:Ins:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaatoitta                     :P:Abe:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenaattoine                     :P:Kom:                   uudenvuodenaatto
uudenvuodenlupaus                       :S:Nom:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksen                    :S:Gen:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupausta                     :S:Par:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksessa                  :S:Ine:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksesta                  :S:Ela:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupaukseen                   :S:Ill:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksella                  :S:Ade:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupaukselta                  :S:Abl:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupaukselle                  :S:All:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksena                   :S:Ess:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupaukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksetta                  :S:Abe:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupaukset                    :P:Nom:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupausten                    :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksien                   :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksia                    :P:Par:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksissa                  :P:Ine:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksista                  :P:Ela:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksiin                   :P:Ill:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksilla                  :P:Ade:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksilta                  :P:Abl:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksille                  :P:All:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksina                   :P:Ess:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksin                    :P:Ins:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksitta                  :P:Abe:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenlupauksine                   :P:Kom:                   uudenvuodenlupaus
uudenvuodenpäivä                        :S:Nom:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivän                       :S:Gen:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivää                       :S:Par:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivässä                     :S:Ine:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivästä                     :S:Ela:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivään                      :S:Ill:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivällä                     :S:Ade:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivältä                     :S:Abl:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivälle                     :S:All:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivänä                      :S:Ess:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäiväksi                     :S:Tra:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivättä                     :S:Abe:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivät                       :P:Nom:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivien                      :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäiväin                      :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäiviä                       :P:Par:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivissä                     :P:Ine:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivistä                     :P:Ela:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäiviin                      :P:Ill:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivillä                     :P:Ade:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäiviltä                     :P:Abl:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäiville                     :P:All:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivinä                      :P:Ess:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäiviksi                     :P:Tra:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivin                       :P:Ins:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivittä                     :P:Abe:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodenpäivine                      :P:Kom:                   uudenvuodenpäivä
uudenvuodentina                         :S:Nom:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinan                        :S:Gen:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinaa                        :S:Par:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinassa                      :S:Ine:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinasta                      :S:Ela:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinaan                       :S:Ill:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinalla                      :S:Ade:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinalta                      :S:Abl:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinalle                      :S:All:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinana                       :S:Ess:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinaksi                      :S:Tra:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinatta                      :S:Abe:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinat                        :P:Nom:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinojen                      :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinain                       :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoja                       :P:Par:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoissa                     :P:Ine:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoista                     :P:Ela:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoihin                     :P:Ill:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoilla                     :P:Ade:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoilta                     :P:Abl:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoille                     :P:All:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoina                      :P:Ess:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoin                       :P:Ins:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoitta                     :P:Abe:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodentinoine                      :P:Kom:                   uudenvuodentina
uudenvuodenvalvojainen                  :S:Nom:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisen                  :S:Gen:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaista                  :S:Par:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisessa                :S:Ine:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisesta                :S:Ela:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaiseen                 :S:Ill:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisella                :S:Ade:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaiselta                :S:Abl:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaiselle                :S:All:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisena                 :S:Ess:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaiseksi                :S:Tra:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisetta                :S:Abe:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaiset                  :P:Nom:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisten                 :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisin                  :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisia                  :P:Par:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisissa                :P:Ine:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisista                :P:Ela:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisiin                 :P:Ill:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisilla                :P:Ade:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisilta                :P:Abl:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisille                :P:All:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisina                 :P:Ess:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisiksi                :P:Tra:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisin                  :P:Ins:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisitta                :P:Abe:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenvalvojaisine                 :P:Kom:                   uudenvuodenvalvojaiset
uudenvuodenyö                           :S:Nom:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyön                          :S:Gen:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyötä                         :S:Par:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyössä                        :S:Ine:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyöstä                        :S:Ela:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyöhön                        :S:Ill:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyöllä                        :S:Ade:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyöltä                        :S:Abl:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyölle                        :S:All:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyönä                         :S:Ess:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyöksi                        :S:Tra:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyöttä                        :S:Abe:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenyöt                          :P:Nom:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöiden                        :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöitten                       :P:Gen:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöitä                         :P:Par:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöissä                        :P:Ine:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöistä                        :P:Ela:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöihin                        :P:Ill:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöillä                        :P:Ade:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöiltä                        :P:Abl:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöille                        :P:All:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöinä                         :P:Ess:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöin                          :P:Ins:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöittä                        :P:Abe:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudenvuodenöine                         :P:Kom:                   uudenvuodenyö
uudestisyntyminen                       :S:Nom:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisen                       :S:Gen:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymista                       :S:Par:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisessa                     :S:Ine:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisesta                     :S:Ela:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymiseen                      :S:Ill:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisella                     :S:Ade:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymiselta                     :S:Abl:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymiselle                     :S:All:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisena                      :S:Ess:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymiseksi                     :S:Tra:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisetta                     :S:Abe:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymiset                       :P:Nom:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisten                      :P:Gen:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisin                       :P:Gen:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisia                       :P:Par:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisissa                     :P:Ine:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisista                     :P:Ela:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisiin                      :P:Ill:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisilla                     :P:Ade:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisilta                     :P:Abl:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisille                     :P:All:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisina                      :P:Ess:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisin                       :P:Ins:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisitta                     :P:Abe:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntymisine                      :P:Kom:                   uudestisyntyminen
uudestisyntynut                         :S:Nom:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneen                        :S:Gen:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntynutta                       :S:Par:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneessa                      :S:Ine:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneesta                      :S:Ela:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneeseen                     :S:Ill:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneella                      :S:Ade:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneelta                      :S:Abl:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneelle                      :S:All:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneena                       :S:Ess:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneeksi                      :S:Tra:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneetta                      :S:Abe:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneet                        :P:Nom:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneiden                      :P:Gen:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneitten                     :P:Gen:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneita                       :P:Par:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneissa                      :P:Ine:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneista                      :P:Ela:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneisiin                     :P:Ill:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneihin                      :P:Ill:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneilla                      :P:Ade:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneilta                      :P:Abl:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneille                      :P:All:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneina                       :P:Ess:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntynein                        :P:Ins:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneitta                      :P:Abe:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudestisyntyneine                       :P:Kom:                   uudestisyntynyt
uudin                                   :S:Nom:                   uudin
uutimen                                 :S:Gen:                   uudin
uudinta                                 :S:Par:                   uudin
uutimessa                               :S:Ine:                   uudin
uutimesta                               :S:Ela:                   uudin
uutimeen                                :S:Ill:                   uudin
uutimella                               :S:Ade:                   uudin
uutimelta                               :S:Abl:                   uudin
uutimelle                               :S:All:                   uudin
uutimena                                :S:Ess:                   uudin
uutimeksi                               :S:Tra:                   uudin
uutimetta                               :S:Abe:                   uudin
uutimet                                 :P:Nom:                   uudin
uutimien                                :P:Gen:                   uudin
uudinten                                :P:Gen:                   uudin
uutimia                                 :P:Par:                   uudin
uutimissa                               :P:Ine:                   uudin
uutimista                               :P:Ela:                   uudin
uutimiin                                :P:Ill:                   uudin
uutimilla                               :P:Ade:                   uudin
uutimilta                               :P:Abl:                   uudin
uutimille                               :P:All:                   uudin
uutimina                                :P:Ess:                   uudin
uutimiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uudin
uutimin                                 :P:Ins:                   uudin
uutimitta                               :P:Abe:                   uudin
uutimine                                :P:Kom:                   uudin
uudisasukas                             :S:Nom:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaan                           :S:Gen:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukasta                           :S:Par:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaassa                         :S:Ine:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaasta                         :S:Ela:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaaseen                        :S:Ill:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaalla                         :S:Ade:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaalta                         :S:Abl:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaalle                         :S:All:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaana                          :S:Ess:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaaksi                         :S:Tra:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaatta                         :S:Abe:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaat                           :P:Nom:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaiden                         :P:Gen:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukaitten                         :P:Gen:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaita                          :P:Par:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaissa                         :P:Ine:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaista                         :P:Ela:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkailla                         :P:Ade:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkailta                         :P:Abl:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaille                         :P:All:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaina                          :P:Ess:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkain                           :P:Ins:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaitta                         :P:Abe:                   uudisasukas
uudisasukkaine                          :P:Kom:                   uudisasukas
uudisasutus                             :S:Nom:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksen                          :S:Gen:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutusta                           :S:Par:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutukseen                         :S:Ill:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksella                        :S:Ade:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutukselta                        :S:Abl:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutukselle                        :S:All:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksena                         :S:Ess:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutukset                          :P:Nom:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutusten                          :P:Gen:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksia                          :P:Par:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksille                        :P:All:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uudisasutus
uudisasutuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uudisasutus
uudismuodoste                           :S:Nom:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteen                         :S:Gen:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodostetta                        :S:Par:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteessa                       :S:Ine:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteesta                       :S:Ela:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteeseen                      :S:Ill:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteella                       :S:Ade:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteelta                       :S:Abl:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteelle                       :S:All:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteena                        :S:Ess:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteeksi                       :S:Tra:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteetta                       :S:Abe:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteet                         :P:Nom:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteiden                       :P:Gen:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteitten                      :P:Gen:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteita                        :P:Par:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteissa                       :P:Ine:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteista                       :P:Ela:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteisiin                      :P:Ill:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteihin                       :P:Ill:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteilla                       :P:Ade:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteilta                       :P:Abl:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteille                       :P:All:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteina                        :P:Ess:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodostein                         :P:Ins:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteitta                       :P:Abe:                   uudismuodoste
uudismuodosteine                        :P:Kom:                   uudismuodoste
uudisraivaaja                           :S:Nom:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajan                          :S:Gen:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajaa                          :S:Par:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajassa                        :S:Ine:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajasta                        :S:Ela:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajaan                         :S:Ill:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajalla                        :S:Ade:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajalta                        :S:Abl:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajalle                        :S:All:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajana                         :S:Ess:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajaksi                        :S:Tra:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajatta                        :S:Abe:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajat                          :P:Nom:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajien                         :P:Gen:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajain                         :P:Gen:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajia                          :P:Par:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajissa                        :P:Ine:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajista                        :P:Ela:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajiin                         :P:Ill:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajilla                        :P:Ade:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajilta                        :P:Abl:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajille                        :P:All:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajina                         :P:Ess:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajin                          :P:Ins:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajitta                        :P:Abe:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaajine                         :P:Kom:                   uudisraivaaja
uudisraivaus                            :S:Nom:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksen                         :S:Gen:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivausta                          :S:Par:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksessa                       :S:Ine:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksesta                       :S:Ela:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivaukseen                        :S:Ill:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksella                       :S:Ade:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivaukselta                       :S:Abl:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivaukselle                       :S:All:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksena                        :S:Ess:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivaukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksetta                       :S:Abe:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivaukset                         :P:Nom:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivausten                         :P:Gen:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksien                        :P:Gen:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksia                         :P:Par:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksissa                       :P:Ine:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksista                       :P:Ela:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksilla                       :P:Ade:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksilta                       :P:Abl:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksille                       :P:All:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksina                        :P:Ess:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksin                         :P:Ins:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksitta                       :P:Abe:                   uudisraivaus
uudisraivauksine                        :P:Kom:                   uudisraivaus
uudisrakennus                           :S:Nom:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksen                        :S:Gen:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennusta                         :S:Par:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksessa                      :S:Ine:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksesta                      :S:Ela:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennukseen                       :S:Ill:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksella                      :S:Ade:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennukselta                      :S:Abl:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennukselle                      :S:All:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksena                       :S:Ess:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksetta                      :S:Abe:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennukset                        :P:Nom:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennusten                        :P:Gen:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksien                       :P:Gen:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksia                        :P:Par:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksista                      :P:Ela:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksille                      :P:All:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksina                       :P:Ess:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksin                        :P:Ins:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   uudisrakennus
uudisrakennuksine                       :P:Kom:                   uudisrakennus
uudissana                               :S:Nom:                   uudissana
uudissanan                              :S:Gen:                   uudissana
uudissanaa                              :S:Par:                   uudissana
uudissanassa                            :S:Ine:                   uudissana
uudissanasta                            :S:Ela:                   uudissana
uudissanaan                             :S:Ill:                   uudissana
uudissanalla                            :S:Ade:                   uudissana
uudissanalta                            :S:Abl:                   uudissana
uudissanalle                            :S:All:                   uudissana
uudissanana                             :S:Ess:                   uudissana
uudissanaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uudissana
uudissanatta                            :S:Abe:                   uudissana
uudissanat                              :P:Nom:                   uudissana
uudissanojen                            :P:Gen:                   uudissana
uudissanain                             :P:Gen:                   uudissana
uudissanoja                             :P:Par:                   uudissana
uudissanoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uudissana
uudissanoista                           :P:Ela:                   uudissana
uudissanoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uudissana
uudissanoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uudissana
uudissanoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uudissana
uudissanoille                           :P:All:                   uudissana
uudissanoina                            :P:Ess:                   uudissana
uudissanoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uudissana
uudissanoin                             :P:Ins:                   uudissana
uudissanoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uudissana
uudissanoine                            :P:Kom:                   uudissana
uudistan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudistaa
uudistat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudistaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uudistaa
uudista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudista                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudisteta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudistin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uudistaa
uudistit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudisti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudistanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudistaa
uudistanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudistanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudistaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudistaa
uudistaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudista                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudistakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uudistaa
uudista                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistaa                                :Inf1:                    uudistaa
uudistaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uudistaa
uudistaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uudistaa
uudistettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uudistaa
uudistaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uudistaa
uudistamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uudistaa
uudistamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uudistaa
uudistamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uudistaa
uudistamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uudistaa
uudistamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uudistaa
uudistaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uudistaa
uudistettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uudistaa
uudistaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uudistaa
uudistamista                            :Inf4:Par:                uudistaa
uudistamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uudistaa
uudistava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uudistaa
uudistettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistama                               :Cip:Age:                 uudistaa
uudistamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uudistaa
uudistanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistaa
uudistettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudistaa
uudistaja                               :S:Nom:                   uudistaja
uudistajan                              :S:Gen:                   uudistaja
uudistajaa                              :S:Par:                   uudistaja
uudistajassa                            :S:Ine:                   uudistaja
uudistajasta                            :S:Ela:                   uudistaja
uudistajaan                             :S:Ill:                   uudistaja
uudistajalla                            :S:Ade:                   uudistaja
uudistajalta                            :S:Abl:                   uudistaja
uudistajalle                            :S:All:                   uudistaja
uudistajana                             :S:Ess:                   uudistaja
uudistajaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uudistaja
uudistajatta                            :S:Abe:                   uudistaja
uudistajat                              :P:Nom:                   uudistaja
uudistajien                             :P:Gen:                   uudistaja
uudistajain                             :P:Gen:                   uudistaja
uudistajia                              :P:Par:                   uudistaja
uudistajissa                            :P:Ine:                   uudistaja
uudistajista                            :P:Ela:                   uudistaja
uudistajiin                             :P:Ill:                   uudistaja
uudistajilla                            :P:Ade:                   uudistaja
uudistajilta                            :P:Abl:                   uudistaja
uudistajille                            :P:All:                   uudistaja
uudistajina                             :P:Ess:                   uudistaja
uudistajiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uudistaja
uudistajin                              :P:Ins:                   uudistaja
uudistajitta                            :P:Abe:                   uudistaja
uudistajine                             :P:Kom:                   uudistaja
uudistalo                               :S:Nom:                   uudistalo
uudistalon                              :S:Gen:                   uudistalo
uudistaloa                              :S:Par:                   uudistalo
uudistalossa                            :S:Ine:                   uudistalo
uudistalosta                            :S:Ela:                   uudistalo
uudistaloon                             :S:Ill:                   uudistalo
uudistalolla                            :S:Ade:                   uudistalo
uudistalolta                            :S:Abl:                   uudistalo
uudistalolle                            :S:All:                   uudistalo
uudistalona                             :S:Ess:                   uudistalo
uudistaloksi                            :S:Tra:                   uudistalo
uudistalotta                            :S:Abe:                   uudistalo
uudistalot                              :P:Nom:                   uudistalo
uudistalojen                            :P:Gen:                   uudistalo
uudistaloja                             :P:Par:                   uudistalo
uudistaloissa                           :P:Ine:                   uudistalo
uudistaloista                           :P:Ela:                   uudistalo
uudistaloihin                           :P:Ill:                   uudistalo
uudistaloilla                           :P:Ade:                   uudistalo
uudistaloilta                           :P:Abl:                   uudistalo
uudistaloille                           :P:All:                   uudistalo
uudistaloina                            :P:Ess:                   uudistalo
uudistaloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uudistalo
uudistaloin                             :P:Ins:                   uudistalo
uudistaloitta                           :P:Abe:                   uudistalo
uudistaloine                            :P:Kom:                   uudistalo
uudistila                               :S:Nom:                   uudistila
uudistilan                              :S:Gen:                   uudistila
uudistilaa                              :S:Par:                   uudistila
uudistilassa                            :S:Ine:                   uudistila
uudistilasta                            :S:Ela:                   uudistila
uudistilaan                             :S:Ill:                   uudistila
uudistilalla                            :S:Ade:                   uudistila
uudistilalta                            :S:Abl:                   uudistila
uudistilalle                            :S:All:                   uudistila
uudistilana                             :S:Ess:                   uudistila
uudistilaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uudistila
uudistilatta                            :S:Abe:                   uudistila
uudistilat                              :P:Nom:                   uudistila
uudistilojen                            :P:Gen:                   uudistila
uudistilain                             :P:Gen:                   uudistila
uudistiloja                             :P:Par:                   uudistila
uudistiloissa                           :P:Ine:                   uudistila
uudistiloista                           :P:Ela:                   uudistila
uudistiloihin                           :P:Ill:                   uudistila
uudistiloilla                           :P:Ade:                   uudistila
uudistiloilta                           :P:Abl:                   uudistila
uudistiloille                           :P:All:                   uudistila
uudistiloina                            :P:Ess:                   uudistila
uudistiloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uudistila
uudistiloin                             :P:Ins:                   uudistila
uudistiloitta                           :P:Abe:                   uudistila
uudistiloine                            :P:Kom:                   uudistila
uudistun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudistua
uudistut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uudistua
uudistu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistuin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uudistua
uudistuit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistuimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistuitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudistua
uudistunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uudistua
uudistune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uudistua
uudistuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uudistua
uudistuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uudistua
uudistu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uudistua
uudistua                                :Inf1:                    uudistua
uudistuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uudistua
uudistuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uudistua
uudistuttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uudistua
uudistuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uudistua
uudistumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uudistua
uudistumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uudistua
uudistumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uudistua
uudistumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uudistua
uudistumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uudistua
uudistuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uudistua
uudistuttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uudistua
uudistuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uudistua
uudistumista                            :Inf4:Par:                uudistua
uudistumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uudistua
uudistuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uudistua
uudistuttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uudistua
uudistunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uudistua
uudistuma                               :Cip:Age:                 uudistua
uudistumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uudistua
uudistunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uudistua
uudistunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uudistua
uudistunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uudistua
uudistunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uudistua
uudistunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uudistua
uudistunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uudistua
uudistuttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uudistua
uudistumaton                            :S:Nom:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattoman                         :S:Gen:                   uudistumaton
uudistumatonta                          :S:Par:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomassa                       :S:Ine:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomasta                       :S:Ela:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomaan                        :S:Ill:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomalla                       :S:Ade:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomalta                       :S:Abl:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomalle                       :S:All:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomana                        :S:Ess:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomaksi                       :S:Tra:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomatta                       :S:Abe:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomat                         :P:Nom:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomien                        :P:Gen:                   uudistumaton
uudistumatonten                         :P:Gen:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomia                         :P:Par:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomissa                       :P:Ine:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomista                       :P:Ela:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomiin                        :P:Ill:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomilla                       :P:Ade:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomilta                       :P:Abl:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomille                       :P:All:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomina                        :P:Ess:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomin                         :P:Ins:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomitta                       :P:Abe:                   uudistumaton
uudistumattomine                        :P:Kom:                   uudistumaton
uudistus                                :S:Nom:                   uudistus
uudistuksen                             :S:Gen:                   uudistus
uudistusta                              :S:Par:                   uudistus
uudistuksessa                           :S:Ine:                   uudistus
uudistuksesta                           :S:Ela:                   uudistus
uudistukseen                            :S:Ill:                   uudistus
uudistuksella                           :S:Ade:                   uudistus
uudistukselta                           :S:Abl:                   uudistus
uudistukselle                           :S:All:                   uudistus
uudistuksena                            :S:Ess:                   uudistus
uudistukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uudistus
uudistuksetta                           :S:Abe:                   uudistus
uudistukset                             :P:Nom:                   uudistus
uudistusten                             :P:Gen:                   uudistus
uudistuksien                            :P:Gen:                   uudistus
uudistuksia                             :P:Par:                   uudistus
uudistuksissa                           :P:Ine:                   uudistus
uudistuksista                           :P:Ela:                   uudistus
uudistuksiin                            :P:Ill:                   uudistus
uudistuksilla                           :P:Ade:                   uudistus
uudistuksilta                           :P:Abl:                   uudistus
uudistuksille                           :P:All:                   uudistus
uudistuksina                            :P:Ess:                   uudistus
uudistuksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uudistus
uudistuksin                             :P:Ins:                   uudistus
uudistuksitta                           :P:Abe:                   uudistus
uudistuksine                            :P:Kom:                   uudistus
uudistusala                             :S:Nom:                   uudistusala
uudistusalan                            :S:Gen:                   uudistusala
uudistusalaa                            :S:Par:                   uudistusala
uudistusalassa                          :S:Ine:                   uudistusala
uudistusalasta                          :S:Ela:                   uudistusala
uudistusalaan                           :S:Ill:                   uudistusala
uudistusalalla                          :S:Ade:                   uudistusala
uudistusalalta                          :S:Abl:                   uudistusala
uudistusalalle                          :S:All:                   uudistusala
uudistusalana                           :S:Ess:                   uudistusala
uudistusalaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uudistusala
uudistusalatta                          :S:Abe:                   uudistusala
uudistusalat                            :P:Nom:                   uudistusala
uudistusalojen                          :P:Gen:                   uudistusala
uudistusalain                           :P:Gen:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloja                           :P:Par:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloissa                         :P:Ine:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloista                         :P:Ela:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloihin                         :P:Ill:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloilla                         :P:Ade:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloilta                         :P:Abl:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloille                         :P:All:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloina                          :P:Ess:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloin                           :P:Ins:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloitta                         :P:Abe:                   uudistusala
uudistusaloine                          :P:Kom:                   uudistusala
uudistushakkua                          :S:Nom:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuan                         :S:Gen:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuata                        :S:Par:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuassa                       :S:Ine:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuasta                       :S:Ela:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuuseen                      :S:Ill:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkualla                       :S:Ade:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkualta                       :S:Abl:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkualle                       :S:All:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuana                        :S:Ess:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuaksi                       :S:Tra:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuatta                       :S:Abe:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuat                         :P:Nom:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuiden                       :P:Gen:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuitten                      :P:Gen:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuita                        :P:Par:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuissa                       :P:Ine:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuista                       :P:Ela:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuisiin                      :P:Ill:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuihin                       :P:Ill:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuilla                       :P:Ade:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuilta                       :P:Abl:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuille                       :P:All:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuina                        :P:Ess:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuin                         :P:Ins:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuitta                       :P:Abe:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistushakkuine                        :P:Kom:                   uudistushakkuu
uudistusliike                           :S:Nom:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeen                        :S:Gen:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikettä                        :S:Par:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeessä                      :S:Ine:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeestä                      :S:Ela:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeeseen                     :S:Ill:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeellä                      :S:Ade:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeeltä                      :S:Abl:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeelle                      :S:All:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeenä                       :S:Ess:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeeksi                      :S:Tra:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeettä                      :S:Abe:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeet                        :P:Nom:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeiden                      :P:Gen:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikeitten                      :P:Gen:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeitä                       :P:Par:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeissä                      :P:Ine:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeistä                      :P:Ela:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeisiin                     :P:Ill:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeihin                      :P:Ill:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeillä                      :P:Ade:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeille                      :P:All:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeinä                       :P:Ess:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkein                        :P:Ins:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeittä                      :P:Abe:                   uudistusliike
uudistusliikkeine                       :P:Kom:                   uudistusliike
uudistusmielinen                        :S:Nom:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisen                        :S:Gen:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielistä                        :S:Par:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisessä                      :S:Ine:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisestä                      :S:Ela:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmieliseen                       :S:Ill:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisellä                      :S:Ade:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmieliseltä                      :S:Abl:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmieliselle                      :S:All:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisenä                       :S:Ess:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmieliseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisettä                      :S:Abe:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmieliset                        :P:Nom:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisten                       :P:Gen:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisin                        :P:Gen:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisiä                        :P:Par:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisissä                      :P:Ine:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisistä                      :P:Ela:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisiin                       :P:Ill:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisillä                      :P:Ade:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisille                      :P:All:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisinä                       :P:Ess:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisin                        :P:Ins:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisittä                      :P:Abe:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusmielisine                       :P:Kom:                   uudistusmielinen
uudistusohjelma                         :S:Nom:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelman                        :S:Gen:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmaa                        :S:Par:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmassa                      :S:Ine:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmasta                      :S:Ela:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmaan                       :S:Ill:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmalla                      :S:Ade:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmalta                      :S:Abl:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmalle                      :S:All:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmana                       :S:Ess:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmaksi                      :S:Tra:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmatta                      :S:Abe:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmat                        :P:Nom:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmien                       :P:Gen:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmain                       :P:Gen:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmia                        :P:Par:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmissa                      :P:Ine:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmista                      :P:Ela:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmiin                       :P:Ill:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmilla                      :P:Ade:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmilta                      :P:Abl:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmille                      :P:All:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmina                       :P:Ess:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmin                        :P:Ins:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmitta                      :P:Abe:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistusohjelmine                       :P:Kom:                   uudistusohjelma
uudistustyö                             :S:Nom:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyön                            :S:Gen:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyötä                           :S:Par:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyössä                          :S:Ine:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyöstä                          :S:Ela:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyöhön                          :S:Ill:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyöllä                          :S:Ade:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyöltä                          :S:Abl:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyölle                          :S:All:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyönä                           :S:Ess:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyöksi                          :S:Tra:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyöttä                          :S:Abe:                   uudistustyö
uudistustyöt                            :P:Nom:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöiden                          :P:Gen:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöitten                         :P:Gen:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöitä                           :P:Par:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöissä                          :P:Ine:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöistä                          :P:Ela:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöihin                          :P:Ill:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöillä                          :P:Ade:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöille                          :P:All:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöinä                           :P:Ess:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöin                            :P:Ins:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöittä                          :P:Abe:                   uudistustyö
uudistustöine                           :P:Kom:                   uudistustyö
uudisviljely                            :S:Nom:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyn                           :S:Gen:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyä                           :S:Par:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyssä                         :S:Ine:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelystä                         :S:Ela:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyyn                          :S:Ill:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyllä                         :S:Ade:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyltä                         :S:Abl:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelylle                         :S:All:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelynä                          :S:Ess:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyksi                         :S:Tra:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyttä                         :S:Abe:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyt                           :P:Nom:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyjen                         :P:Gen:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyiden                        :P:Gen:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyitten                       :P:Gen:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyjä                          :P:Par:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyitä                         :P:Par:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyissä                        :P:Ine:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyistä                        :P:Ela:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyihin                        :P:Ill:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyillä                        :P:Ade:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyiltä                        :P:Abl:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyille                        :P:All:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyinä                         :P:Ess:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyin                          :P:Ins:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyittä                        :P:Abe:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelyine                         :P:Kom:                   uudisviljely
uudisviljelys                           :S:Nom:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksen                        :S:Gen:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelystä                         :S:Par:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelykseen                       :S:Ill:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelykselle                      :S:All:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelykset                        :P:Nom:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelysten                        :P:Gen:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksien                       :P:Gen:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksiä                        :P:Par:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksille                      :P:All:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksin                        :P:Ins:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   uudisviljelys
uudisviljelyksine                       :P:Kom:                   uudisviljelys
uuhi                                    :S:Nom:                   uuhi
uuhen                                   :S:Gen:                   uuhi
uuhta                                   :S:Par:                   uuhi
uuhessa                                 :S:Ine:                   uuhi
uuhesta                                 :S:Ela:                   uuhi
uuheen                                  :S:Ill:                   uuhi
uuhella                                 :S:Ade:                   uuhi
uuhelta                                 :S:Abl:                   uuhi
uuhelle                                 :S:All:                   uuhi
uuhena                                  :S:Ess:                   uuhi
uuheksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uuhi
uuhetta                                 :S:Abe:                   uuhi
uuhet                                   :P:Nom:                   uuhi
uuhien                                  :P:Gen:                   uuhi
uuhia                                   :P:Par:                   uuhi
uuhissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uuhi
uuhista                                 :P:Ela:                   uuhi
uuhiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uuhi
uuhilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uuhi
uuhilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uuhi
uuhille                                 :P:All:                   uuhi
uuhina                                  :P:Ess:                   uuhi
uuhiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uuhi
uuhin                                   :P:Ins:                   uuhi
uuhitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uuhi
uuhine                                  :P:Kom:                   uuhi
uuma                                    :S:Nom:                   uuma
uuman                                   :S:Gen:                   uuma
uumaa                                   :S:Par:                   uuma
uumassa                                 :S:Ine:                   uuma
uumasta                                 :S:Ela:                   uuma
uumaan                                  :S:Ill:                   uuma
uumalla                                 :S:Ade:                   uuma
uumalta                                 :S:Abl:                   uuma
uumalle                                 :S:All:                   uuma
uumana                                  :S:Ess:                   uuma
uumaksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uuma
uumatta                                 :S:Abe:                   uuma
uumat                                   :P:Nom:                   uuma
uumien                                  :P:Gen:                   uuma
uumain                                  :P:Gen:                   uuma
uumia                                   :P:Par:                   uuma
uumissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uuma
uumista                                 :P:Ela:                   uuma
uumiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uuma
uumilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uuma
uumilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uuma
uumille                                 :P:All:                   uuma
uumina                                  :P:Ess:                   uuma
uumiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uuma
uumin                                   :P:Ins:                   uuma
uumitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uuma
uumine                                  :P:Kom:                   uuma
uumen                                   :S:Nom:                   uumen
uumenen                                 :S:Gen:                   uumen
uumenta                                 :S:Par:                   uumen
uumenessa                               :S:Ine:                   uumen
uumenesta                               :S:Ela:                   uumen
uumeneen                                :S:Ill:                   uumen
uumenella                               :S:Ade:                   uumen
uumenelta                               :S:Abl:                   uumen
uumenelle                               :S:All:                   uumen
uumenena                                :S:Ess:                   uumen
uumeneksi                               :S:Tra:                   uumen
uumenetta                               :S:Abe:                   uumen
uumenet                                 :P:Nom:                   uumen
uumenien                                :P:Gen:                   uumen
uumenten                                :P:Gen:                   uumen
uumenia                                 :P:Par:                   uumen
uumenissa                               :P:Ine:                   uumen
uumenista                               :P:Ela:                   uumen
uumeniin                                :P:Ill:                   uumen
uumenilla                               :P:Ade:                   uumen
uumenilta                               :P:Abl:                   uumen
uumenille                               :P:All:                   uumen
uumenina                                :P:Ess:                   uumen
uumeniksi                               :P:Tra:                   uumen
uumenin                                 :P:Ins:                   uumen
uumenitta                               :P:Abe:                   uumen
uumenine                                :P:Kom:                   uumen
uumoilen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uumoilla
uumoilet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoilee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoilette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoilevat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoillaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilla                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoilin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uumoilla
uumoilit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoili                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoilitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoilivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoillen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uumoilla
uumoillet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoillee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoillemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoillette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoillevat                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoilisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uumoilla
uumoilisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoilisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoilisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoilkoon                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilkaamme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoilkaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoilkoot                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilko                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoilla                                :Inf1:                    uumoilla
uumoillakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uumoilla
uumoillessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uumoilla
uumoiltaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uumoilla
uumoillen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uumoilla
uumoilemassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uumoilla
uumoilemasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uumoilla
uumoilemaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uumoilla
uumoilemalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uumoilla
uumoilematta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uumoilla
uumoileman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uumoilla
uumoiltaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uumoilla
uumoileminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uumoilla
uumoilemista                            :Inf4:Par:                uumoilla
uumoilemaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uumoilla
uumoileva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uumoilla
uumoiltava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoilema                               :Cip:Age:                 uumoilla
uumoilematon                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             uumoilla
uumoillut                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoilleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uumoilla
uumoiltu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uumoilla
uumoilu                                 :S:Nom:                   uumoilu
uumoilun                                :S:Gen:                   uumoilu
uumoilua                                :S:Par:                   uumoilu
uumoilussa                              :S:Ine:                   uumoilu
uumoilusta                              :S:Ela:                   uumoilu
uumoiluun                               :S:Ill:                   uumoilu
uumoilulla                              :S:Ade:                   uumoilu
uumoilulta                              :S:Abl:                   uumoilu
uumoilulle                              :S:All:                   uumoilu
uumoiluna                               :S:Ess:                   uumoilu
uumoiluksi                              :S:Tra:                   uumoilu
uumoilutta                              :S:Abe:                   uumoilu
uumoilut                                :P:Nom:                   uumoilu
uumoilujen                              :P:Gen:                   uumoilu
uumoiluiden                             :P:Gen:                   uumoilu
uumoiluitten                            :P:Gen:                   uumoilu
uumoiluja                               :P:Par:                   uumoilu
uumoiluita                              :P:Par:                   uumoilu
uumoiluissa                             :P:Ine:                   uumoilu
uumoiluista                             :P:Ela:                   uumoilu
uumoiluihin                             :P:Ill:                   uumoilu
uumoiluilla                             :P:Ade:                   uumoilu
uumoiluilta                             :P:Abl:                   uumoilu
uumoiluille                             :P:All:                   uumoilu
uumoiluina                              :P:Ess:                   uumoilu
uumoiluiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uumoilu
uumoiluin                               :P:Ins:                   uumoilu
uumoiluitta                             :P:Abe:                   uumoilu
uumoiluine                              :P:Kom:                   uumoilu
uuni                                    :S:Nom:                   uuni
uunin                                   :S:Gen:                   uuni
uunia                                   :S:Par:                   uuni
uunissa                                 :S:Ine:                   uuni
uunista                                 :S:Ela:                   uuni
uuniin                                  :S:Ill:                   uuni
uunilla                                 :S:Ade:                   uuni
uunilta                                 :S:Abl:                   uuni
uunille                                 :S:All:                   uuni
uunina                                  :S:Ess:                   uuni
uuniksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uuni
uunitta                                 :S:Abe:                   uuni
uunit                                   :P:Nom:                   uuni
uunien                                  :P:Gen:                   uuni
uuneja                                  :P:Par:                   uuni
uuneissa                                :P:Ine:                   uuni
uuneista                                :P:Ela:                   uuni
uuneihin                                :P:Ill:                   uuni
uuneilla                                :P:Ade:                   uuni
uuneilta                                :P:Abl:                   uuni
uuneille                                :P:All:                   uuni
uuneina                                 :P:Ess:                   uuni
uuneiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uuni
uunein                                  :P:Ins:                   uuni
uuneitta                                :P:Abe:                   uuni
uuneine                                 :P:Kom:                   uuni
uunijuusto                              :S:Nom:                   uunijuusto
uunijuuston                             :S:Gen:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoa                             :S:Par:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustossa                           :S:Ine:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustosta                           :S:Ela:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoon                            :S:Ill:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustolla                           :S:Ade:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustolta                           :S:Abl:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustolle                           :S:All:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustona                            :S:Ess:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoksi                           :S:Tra:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustotta                           :S:Abe:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustot                             :P:Nom:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustojen                           :P:Gen:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoja                            :P:Par:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoista                          :P:Ela:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoille                          :P:All:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoina                           :P:Ess:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoin                            :P:Ins:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uunijuusto
uunijuustoine                           :P:Kom:                   uunijuusto
uunikala                                :S:Nom:                   uunikala
uunikalan                               :S:Gen:                   uunikala
uunikalaa                               :S:Par:                   uunikala
uunikalassa                             :S:Ine:                   uunikala
uunikalasta                             :S:Ela:                   uunikala
uunikalaan                              :S:Ill:                   uunikala
uunikalalla                             :S:Ade:                   uunikala
uunikalalta                             :S:Abl:                   uunikala
uunikalalle                             :S:All:                   uunikala
uunikalana                              :S:Ess:                   uunikala
uunikalaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uunikala
uunikalatta                             :S:Abe:                   uunikala
uunikalat                               :P:Nom:                   uunikala
uunikalojen                             :P:Gen:                   uunikala
uunikalain                              :P:Gen:                   uunikala
uunikaloja                              :P:Par:                   uunikala
uunikaloissa                            :P:Ine:                   uunikala
uunikaloista                            :P:Ela:                   uunikala
uunikaloihin                            :P:Ill:                   uunikala
uunikaloilla                            :P:Ade:                   uunikala
uunikaloilta                            :P:Abl:                   uunikala
uunikaloille                            :P:All:                   uunikala
uunikaloina                             :P:Ess:                   uunikala
uunikaloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uunikala
uunikaloin                              :P:Ins:                   uunikala
uunikaloitta                            :P:Abe:                   uunikala
uunikaloine                             :P:Kom:                   uunikala
uunikuiva                               :S:Nom:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivan                              :S:Gen:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivaa                              :S:Par:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivassa                            :S:Ine:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivasta                            :S:Ela:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivaan                             :S:Ill:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivalla                            :S:Ade:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivalta                            :S:Abl:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivalle                            :S:All:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivana                             :S:Ess:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivatta                            :S:Abe:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivat                              :P:Nom:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivien                             :P:Gen:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivain                             :P:Gen:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivia                              :P:Par:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivissa                            :P:Ine:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivista                            :P:Ela:                   uunikuiva
uunikuiviin                             :P:Ill:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivilla                            :P:Ade:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivilta                            :P:Abl:                   uunikuiva
uunikuiville                            :P:All:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivina                             :P:Ess:                   uunikuiva
uunikuiviksi                            :P:Tra:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivin                              :P:Ins:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivitta                            :P:Abe:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivine                             :P:Kom:                   uunikuiva
uunikuivaus                             :S:Nom:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksen                          :S:Gen:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivausta                           :S:Par:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksessa                        :S:Ine:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksesta                        :S:Ela:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivaukseen                         :S:Ill:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksella                        :S:Ade:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivaukselta                        :S:Abl:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivaukselle                        :S:All:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksena                         :S:Ess:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivaukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksetta                        :S:Abe:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivaukset                          :P:Nom:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivausten                          :P:Gen:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksien                         :P:Gen:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksia                          :P:Par:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksista                        :P:Ela:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksille                        :P:All:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksina                         :P:Ess:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksin                          :P:Ins:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uunikuivaus
uunikuivauksine                         :P:Kom:                   uunikuivaus
uunilintu                               :S:Nom:                   uunilintu
uunilinnun                              :S:Gen:                   uunilintu
uunilintua                              :S:Par:                   uunilintu
uunilinnussa                            :S:Ine:                   uunilintu
uunilinnusta                            :S:Ela:                   uunilintu
uunilintuun                             :S:Ill:                   uunilintu
uunilinnulla                            :S:Ade:                   uunilintu
uunilinnulta                            :S:Abl:                   uunilintu
uunilinnulle                            :S:All:                   uunilintu
uunilintuna                             :S:Ess:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuksi                            :S:Tra:                   uunilintu
uunilinnutta                            :S:Abe:                   uunilintu
uunilinnut                              :P:Nom:                   uunilintu
uunilintujen                            :P:Gen:                   uunilintu
uunilintuja                             :P:Par:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuissa                           :P:Ine:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuista                           :P:Ela:                   uunilintu
uunilintuihin                           :P:Ill:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuilla                           :P:Ade:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuilta                           :P:Abl:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuille                           :P:All:                   uunilintu
uunilintuina                            :P:Ess:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuin                             :P:Ins:                   uunilintu
uunilinnuitta                           :P:Abe:                   uunilintu
uunilintuine                            :P:Kom:                   uunilintu
uunillinen                              :S:Nom:                   uunillinen
uunillisen                              :S:Gen:                   uunillinen
uunillista                              :S:Par:                   uunillinen
uunillisessa                            :S:Ine:                   uunillinen
uunillisesta                            :S:Ela:                   uunillinen
uunilliseen                             :S:Ill:                   uunillinen
uunillisella                            :S:Ade:                   uunillinen
uunilliselta                            :S:Abl:                   uunillinen
uunilliselle                            :S:All:                   uunillinen
uunillisena                             :S:Ess:                   uunillinen
uunilliseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uunillinen
uunillisetta                            :S:Abe:                   uunillinen
uunilliset                              :P:Nom:                   uunillinen
uunillisten                             :P:Gen:                   uunillinen
uunillisin                              :P:Gen:                   uunillinen
uunillisia                              :P:Par:                   uunillinen
uunillisissa                            :P:Ine:                   uunillinen
uunillisista                            :P:Ela:                   uunillinen
uunillisiin                             :P:Ill:                   uunillinen
uunillisilla                            :P:Ade:                   uunillinen
uunillisilta                            :P:Abl:                   uunillinen
uunillisille                            :P:All:                   uunillinen
uunillisina                             :P:Ess:                   uunillinen
uunillisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uunillinen
uunillisin                              :P:Ins:                   uunillinen
uunillisitta                            :P:Abe:                   uunillinen
uunillisine                             :P:Kom:                   uunillinen
uuniluuta                               :S:Nom:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudan                              :S:Gen:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutaa                              :S:Par:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudassa                            :S:Ine:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudasta                            :S:Ela:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutaan                             :S:Ill:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudalla                            :S:Ade:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudalta                            :S:Abl:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudalle                            :S:All:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutana                             :S:Ess:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudatta                            :S:Abe:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudat                              :P:Nom:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutien                             :P:Gen:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutain                             :P:Gen:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutia                              :P:Par:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudissa                            :P:Ine:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudista                            :P:Ela:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutiin                             :P:Ill:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudilla                            :P:Ade:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudilta                            :P:Abl:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudille                            :P:All:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutina                             :P:Ess:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uuniluuta
uuniluudin                              :P:Ins:                   uuniluuta
uuniluuditta                            :P:Abe:                   uuniluuta
uuniluutine                             :P:Kom:                   uuniluuta
uunilämmin                              :S:Nom:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimän                            :S:Gen:                   uunilämmin
uunilämmintä                            :S:Par:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimässä                          :S:Ine:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimästä                          :S:Ela:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimään                           :S:Ill:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimällä                          :S:Ade:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimältä                          :S:Abl:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimälle                          :S:All:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimänä                           :S:Ess:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimäksi                          :S:Tra:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimättä                          :S:Abe:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimät                            :P:Nom:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimien                           :P:Gen:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimäin                           :P:Gen:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimiä                            :P:Par:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimissä                          :P:Ine:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimistä                          :P:Ela:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimiin                           :P:Ill:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimillä                          :P:Ade:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimille                          :P:All:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpiminä                           :P:Ess:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimin                            :P:Ins:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimittä                          :P:Abe:                   uunilämmin
uunilämpimine                           :P:Kom:                   uunilämmin
uunilämmitteinen                        :S:Nom:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisen                        :S:Gen:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteistä                        :S:Par:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisessä                      :S:Ine:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisestä                      :S:Ela:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteiseen                       :S:Ill:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisellä                      :S:Ade:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteiseltä                      :S:Abl:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteiselle                      :S:All:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisenä                       :S:Ess:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisettä                      :S:Abe:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteiset                        :P:Nom:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisten                       :P:Gen:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisin                        :P:Gen:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisiä                        :P:Par:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisissä                      :P:Ine:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisistä                      :P:Ela:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisillä                      :P:Ade:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisille                      :P:All:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisinä                       :P:Ess:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisin                        :P:Ins:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisittä                      :P:Abe:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitteisine                       :P:Kom:                   uunilämmitteinen
uunilämmitys                            :S:Nom:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksen                         :S:Gen:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmitystä                          :S:Par:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmitykseen                        :S:Ill:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmitykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmitykselle                       :S:All:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmitykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmitykset                         :P:Nom:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmitysten                         :P:Gen:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksien                        :P:Gen:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksiä                         :P:Par:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksille                       :P:All:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksin                         :P:Ins:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   uunilämmitys
uunilämmityksine                        :P:Kom:                   uunilämmitys
uunimakkara                             :S:Nom:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaran                            :S:Gen:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaraa                            :S:Par:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkarassa                          :S:Ine:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkarasta                          :S:Ela:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaraan                           :S:Ill:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaralla                          :S:Ade:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaralta                          :S:Abl:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaralle                          :S:All:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkarana                           :S:Ess:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaraksi                          :S:Tra:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaratta                          :S:Abe:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkarat                            :P:Nom:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroiden                         :P:Gen:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroitten                        :P:Gen:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkarain                           :P:Gen:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroita                          :P:Par:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroissa                         :P:Ine:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroista                         :P:Ela:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroihin                         :P:Ill:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroilla                         :P:Ade:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroilta                         :P:Abl:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroille                         :P:All:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroina                          :P:Ess:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroin                           :P:Ins:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroitta                         :P:Abe:                   uunimakkara
uunimakkaroine                          :P:Kom:                   uunimakkara
uunimunakas                             :S:Nom:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaan                           :S:Gen:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakasta                           :S:Par:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaassa                         :S:Ine:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaasta                         :S:Ela:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaaseen                        :S:Ill:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaalla                         :S:Ade:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaalta                         :S:Abl:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaalle                         :S:All:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaana                          :S:Ess:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaaksi                         :S:Tra:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaatta                         :S:Abe:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaat                           :P:Nom:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaiden                         :P:Gen:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakaitten                         :P:Gen:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaita                          :P:Par:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaissa                         :P:Ine:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaista                         :P:Ela:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkailla                         :P:Ade:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkailta                         :P:Abl:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaille                         :P:All:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaina                          :P:Ess:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkain                           :P:Ins:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaitta                         :P:Abe:                   uunimunakas
uunimunakkaine                          :P:Kom:                   uunimunakas
uuninkestävä                            :S:Nom:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävän                           :S:Gen:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävää                           :S:Par:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävässä                         :S:Ine:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävästä                         :S:Ela:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävään                          :S:Ill:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävällä                         :S:Ade:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävältä                         :S:Abl:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävälle                         :S:All:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävänä                          :S:Ess:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestäväksi                         :S:Tra:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävättä                         :S:Abe:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävät                           :P:Nom:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävien                          :P:Gen:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestäväin                          :P:Gen:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestäviä                           :P:Par:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävissä                         :P:Ine:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävistä                         :P:Ela:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestäviin                          :P:Ill:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävillä                         :P:Ade:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestäviltä                         :P:Abl:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestäville                         :P:All:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävinä                          :P:Ess:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestäviksi                         :P:Tra:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävin                           :P:Ins:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävittä                         :P:Abe:                   uuninkestävä
uuninkestävine                          :P:Kom:                   uuninkestävä
uuninluukku                             :S:Nom:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukun                             :S:Gen:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukkua                            :S:Par:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukussa                           :S:Ine:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukusta                           :S:Ela:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukkuun                           :S:Ill:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukulla                           :S:Ade:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukulta                           :S:Abl:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukulle                           :S:All:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukkuna                           :S:Ess:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuksi                           :S:Tra:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukutta                           :S:Abe:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukut                             :P:Nom:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukkujen                          :P:Gen:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukkuja                           :P:Par:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuissa                          :P:Ine:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuista                          :P:Ela:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukkuihin                         :P:Ill:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuilla                          :P:Ade:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuilta                          :P:Abl:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuille                          :P:All:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukkuina                          :P:Ess:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuin                            :P:Ins:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukuitta                          :P:Abe:                   uuninluukku
uuninluukkuine                          :P:Kom:                   uuninluukku
uuninlämpö                              :S:Nom:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmön                             :S:Gen:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämpöä                             :S:Par:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmössä                           :S:Ine:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöstä                           :S:Ela:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämpöön                            :S:Ill:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöllä                           :S:Ade:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöltä                           :S:Abl:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmölle                           :S:All:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämpönä                            :S:Ess:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöksi                           :S:Tra:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöttä                           :S:Abe:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöt                             :P:Nom:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämpöjen                           :P:Gen:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämpöjä                            :P:Par:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöissä                          :P:Ine:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöistä                          :P:Ela:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämpöihin                          :P:Ill:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöillä                          :P:Ade:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöille                          :P:All:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämpöinä                           :P:Ess:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöin                            :P:Ins:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämmöittä                          :P:Abe:                   uuninlämpö
uuninlämpöine                           :P:Kom:                   uuninlämpö
uuninpankko                             :S:Nom:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankon                             :S:Gen:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankkoa                            :S:Par:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankossa                           :S:Ine:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankosta                           :S:Ela:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankkoon                           :S:Ill:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankolla                           :S:Ade:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankolta                           :S:Abl:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankolle                           :S:All:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankkona                           :S:Ess:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoksi                           :S:Tra:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankotta                           :S:Abe:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankot                             :P:Nom:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankkojen                          :P:Gen:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankkoja                           :P:Par:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoista                          :P:Ela:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankkoihin                         :P:Ill:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoille                          :P:All:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankkoina                          :P:Ess:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoin                            :P:Ins:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uuninpankko
uuninpankkoine                          :P:Kom:                   uuninpankko
uuninpelti                              :S:Nom:                   uuninpelti
uuninpellin                             :S:Gen:                   uuninpelti
uuninpeltiä                             :S:Par:                   uuninpelti
uuninpellissä                           :S:Ine:                   uuninpelti
uuninpellistä                           :S:Ela:                   uuninpelti
uuninpeltiin                            :S:Ill:                   uuninpelti
uuninpellillä                           :S:Ade:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelliltä                           :S:Abl:                   uuninpelti
uuninpellille                           :S:All:                   uuninpelti
uuninpeltinä                            :S:Ess:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelliksi                           :S:Tra:                   uuninpelti
uuninpellittä                           :S:Abe:                   uuninpelti
uuninpellit                             :P:Nom:                   uuninpelti
uuninpeltien                            :P:Gen:                   uuninpelti
uuninpeltejä                            :P:Par:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelleissä                          :P:Ine:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelleistä                          :P:Ela:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelteihin                          :P:Ill:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelleillä                          :P:Ade:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelleiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelleille                          :P:All:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelteinä                           :P:Ess:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelleiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uuninpelti
uuninpellein                            :P:Ins:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelleittä                          :P:Abe:                   uuninpelti
uuninpelteine                           :P:Kom:                   uuninpelti
uuninpäällys                            :S:Nom:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksen                         :S:Gen:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällystä                          :S:Par:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällykseen                        :S:Ill:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällykselle                       :S:All:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällykset                         :P:Nom:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällysten                         :P:Gen:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksien                        :P:Gen:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksiä                         :P:Par:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksille                       :P:All:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksin                         :P:Ins:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   uuninpäällys
uuninpäällyksine                        :P:Kom:                   uuninpäällys
uuninsua                                :S:Nom:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuan                               :S:Gen:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuata                              :S:Par:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuassa                             :S:Ine:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuasta                             :S:Ela:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuuhun                             :S:Ill:                   uuninsuu
uuninsualla                             :S:Ade:                   uuninsuu
uuninsualta                             :S:Abl:                   uuninsuu
uuninsualle                             :S:All:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuana                              :S:Ess:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuatta                             :S:Abe:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuat                               :P:Nom:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuiden                             :P:Gen:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuitten                            :P:Gen:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuita                              :P:Par:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuissa                             :P:Ine:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuista                             :P:Ela:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuihin                             :P:Ill:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuilla                             :P:Ade:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuilta                             :P:Abl:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuille                             :P:All:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuina                              :P:Ess:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuin                               :P:Ins:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuitta                             :P:Abe:                   uuninsuu
uuninsuine                              :P:Kom:                   uuninsuu
uuniomena                               :S:Nom:                   uuniomena
uuniomenan                              :S:Gen:                   uuniomena
uuniomenaa                              :S:Par:                   uuniomena
uuniomenassa                            :S:Ine:                   uuniomena
uuniomenasta                            :S:Ela:                   uuniomena
uuniomenaan                             :S:Ill:                   uuniomena
uuniomenalla                            :S:Ade:                   uuniomena
uuniomenalta                            :S:Abl:                   uuniomena
uuniomenalle                            :S:All:                   uuniomena
uuniomenana                             :S:Ess:                   uuniomena
uuniomenaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uuniomena
uuniomenatta                            :S:Abe:                   uuniomena
uuniomenat                              :P:Nom:                   uuniomena
uuniomenien                             :P:Gen:                   uuniomena
uuniomenoiden                           :P:Gen:                   uuniomena
uuniomenoitten                          :P:Gen:                   uuniomena
uuniomenojen                            :P:Gen:                   uuniomena
uuniomenain                             :P:Gen:                   uuniomena
uuniomenia                              :P:Par:                   uuniomena
uuniomenoita                            :P:Par:                   uuniomena
uuniomenoja                             :P:Par:                   uuniomena
uuniomenissa                            :P:Ine:                   uuniomena
uuniomenista                            :P:Ela:                   uuniomena
uuniomeniin                             :P:Ill:                   uuniomena
uuniomenoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uuniomena
uuniomenilla                            :P:Ade:                   uuniomena
uuniomenilta                            :P:Abl:                   uuniomena
uuniomenille                            :P:All:                   uuniomena
uuniomenina                             :P:Ess:                   uuniomena
uuniomeniksi                            :P:Tra:                   uuniomena
uuniomenin                              :P:Ins:                   uuniomena
uuniomenitta                            :P:Abe:                   uuniomena
uuniomenine                             :P:Kom:                   uuniomena
uunipaisti                              :S:Nom:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistin                             :S:Gen:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistia                             :S:Par:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistissa                           :S:Ine:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistista                           :S:Ela:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistiin                            :S:Ill:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistilla                           :S:Ade:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistilta                           :S:Abl:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistille                           :S:All:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistina                            :S:Ess:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistiksi                           :S:Tra:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistitta                           :S:Abe:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistit                             :P:Nom:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistien                            :P:Gen:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteja                            :P:Par:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteissa                          :P:Ine:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteista                          :P:Ela:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteihin                          :P:Ill:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteilla                          :P:Ade:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteilta                          :P:Abl:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteille                          :P:All:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteina                           :P:Ess:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uunipaisti
uunipaistein                            :P:Ins:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteitta                          :P:Abe:                   uunipaisti
uunipaisteine                           :P:Kom:                   uunipaisti
uunipannu                               :S:Nom:                   uunipannu
uunipannun                              :S:Gen:                   uunipannu
uunipannua                              :S:Par:                   uunipannu
uunipannussa                            :S:Ine:                   uunipannu
uunipannusta                            :S:Ela:                   uunipannu
uunipannuun                             :S:Ill:                   uunipannu
uunipannulla                            :S:Ade:                   uunipannu
uunipannulta                            :S:Abl:                   uunipannu
uunipannulle                            :S:All:                   uunipannu
uunipannuna                             :S:Ess:                   uunipannu
uunipannuksi                            :S:Tra:                   uunipannu
uunipannutta                            :S:Abe:                   uunipannu
uunipannut                              :P:Nom:                   uunipannu
uunipannujen                            :P:Gen:                   uunipannu
uunipannuja                             :P:Par:                   uunipannu
uunipannuissa                           :P:Ine:                   uunipannu
uunipannuista                           :P:Ela:                   uunipannu
uunipannuihin                           :P:Ill:                   uunipannu
uunipannuilla                           :P:Ade:                   uunipannu
uunipannuilta                           :P:Abl:                   uunipannu
uunipannuille                           :P:All:                   uunipannu
uunipannuina                            :P:Ess:                   uunipannu
uunipannuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uunipannu
uunipannuin                             :P:Ins:                   uunipannu
uunipannuitta                           :P:Abe:                   uunipannu
uunipannuine                            :P:Kom:                   uunipannu
uunipelti                               :S:Nom:                   uunipelti
uunipellin                              :S:Gen:                   uunipelti
uunipeltiä                              :S:Par:                   uunipelti
uunipellissä                            :S:Ine:                   uunipelti
uunipellistä                            :S:Ela:                   uunipelti
uunipeltiin                             :S:Ill:                   uunipelti
uunipellillä                            :S:Ade:                   uunipelti
uunipelliltä                            :S:Abl:                   uunipelti
uunipellille                            :S:All:                   uunipelti
uunipeltinä                             :S:Ess:                   uunipelti
uunipelliksi                            :S:Tra:                   uunipelti
uunipellittä                            :S:Abe:                   uunipelti
uunipellit                              :P:Nom:                   uunipelti
uunipeltien                             :P:Gen:                   uunipelti
uunipeltejä                             :P:Par:                   uunipelti
uunipelleissä                           :P:Ine:                   uunipelti
uunipelleistä                           :P:Ela:                   uunipelti
uunipelteihin                           :P:Ill:                   uunipelti
uunipelleillä                           :P:Ade:                   uunipelti
uunipelleiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uunipelti
uunipelleille                           :P:All:                   uunipelti
uunipelteinä                            :P:Ess:                   uunipelti
uunipelleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uunipelti
uunipellein                             :P:Ins:                   uunipelti
uunipelleittä                           :P:Abe:                   uunipelti
uunipelteine                            :P:Kom:                   uunipelti
uuniperuna                              :S:Nom:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunan                             :S:Gen:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunaa                             :S:Par:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunassa                           :S:Ine:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunasta                           :S:Ela:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunaan                            :S:Ill:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunalla                           :S:Ade:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunalta                           :S:Abl:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunalle                           :S:All:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunana                            :S:Ess:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunatta                           :S:Abe:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunat                             :P:Nom:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoiden                          :P:Gen:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoitten                         :P:Gen:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunain                            :P:Gen:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoita                           :P:Par:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoista                          :P:Ela:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoille                          :P:All:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoina                           :P:Ess:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoin                            :P:Ins:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uuniperuna
uuniperunoine                           :P:Kom:                   uuniperuna
uunipua                                 :S:Nom:                   uunipuu
uunipuan                                :S:Gen:                   uunipuu
uunipuata                               :S:Par:                   uunipuu
uunipuassa                              :S:Ine:                   uunipuu
uunipuasta                              :S:Ela:                   uunipuu
uunipuuhun                              :S:Ill:                   uunipuu
uunipualla                              :S:Ade:                   uunipuu
uunipualta                              :S:Abl:                   uunipuu
uunipualle                              :S:All:                   uunipuu
uunipuana                               :S:Ess:                   uunipuu
uunipuaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uunipuu
uunipuatta                              :S:Abe:                   uunipuu
uunipuat                                :P:Nom:                   uunipuu
uunipuiden                              :P:Gen:                   uunipuu
uunipuitten                             :P:Gen:                   uunipuu
uunipuita                               :P:Par:                   uunipuu
uunipuissa                              :P:Ine:                   uunipuu
uunipuista                              :P:Ela:                   uunipuu
uunipuihin                              :P:Ill:                   uunipuu
uunipuilla                              :P:Ade:                   uunipuu
uunipuilta                              :P:Abl:                   uunipuu
uunipuille                              :P:All:                   uunipuu
uunipuina                               :P:Ess:                   uunipuu
uunipuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uunipuu
uunipuin                                :P:Ins:                   uunipuu
uunipuitta                              :P:Abe:                   uunipuu
uunipuine                               :P:Kom:                   uunipuu
uunipuuro                               :S:Nom:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuron                              :S:Gen:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroa                              :S:Par:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurossa                            :S:Ine:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurosta                            :S:Ela:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroon                             :S:Ill:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurolla                            :S:Ade:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurolta                            :S:Abl:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurolle                            :S:All:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurona                             :S:Ess:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroksi                            :S:Tra:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurotta                            :S:Abe:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurot                              :P:Nom:                   uunipuuro
uunipuurojen                            :P:Gen:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroja                             :P:Par:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroissa                           :P:Ine:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroista                           :P:Ela:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroihin                           :P:Ill:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroilla                           :P:Ade:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroilta                           :P:Abl:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroille                           :P:All:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroina                            :P:Ess:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroin                             :P:Ins:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroitta                           :P:Abe:                   uunipuuro
uunipuuroine                            :P:Kom:                   uunipuuro
uuniruoka                               :S:Nom:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoan                               :S:Gen:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokaa                              :S:Par:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoassa                             :S:Ine:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoasta                             :S:Ela:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokaan                             :S:Ill:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoalla                             :S:Ade:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoalta                             :S:Abl:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoalle                             :S:All:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokana                             :S:Ess:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoatta                             :S:Abe:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoat                               :P:Nom:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokien                             :P:Gen:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokain                             :P:Gen:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokia                              :P:Par:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoissa                             :P:Ine:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoista                             :P:Ela:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokiin                             :P:Ill:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoilla                             :P:Ade:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoilta                             :P:Abl:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoille                             :P:All:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokina                             :P:Ess:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoin                               :P:Ins:                   uuniruoka
uuniruoitta                             :P:Abe:                   uuniruoka
uuniruokine                             :P:Kom:                   uuniruoka
uunituore                               :S:Nom:                   uunituore
uunituoreen                             :S:Gen:                   uunituore
uunituoretta                            :S:Par:                   uunituore
uunituoreessa                           :S:Ine:                   uunituore
uunituoreesta                           :S:Ela:                   uunituore
uunituoreeseen                          :S:Ill:                   uunituore
uunituoreella                           :S:Ade:                   uunituore
uunituoreelta                           :S:Abl:                   uunituore
uunituoreelle                           :S:All:                   uunituore
uunituoreena                            :S:Ess:                   uunituore
uunituoreeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uunituore
uunituoreetta                           :S:Abe:                   uunituore
uunituoreet                             :P:Nom:                   uunituore
uunituoreiden                           :P:Gen:                   uunituore
uunituoreitten                          :P:Gen:                   uunituore
uunituoreita                            :P:Par:                   uunituore
uunituoreissa                           :P:Ine:                   uunituore
uunituoreista                           :P:Ela:                   uunituore
uunituoreisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uunituore
uunituoreihin                           :P:Ill:                   uunituore
uunituoreilla                           :P:Ade:                   uunituore
uunituoreilta                           :P:Abl:                   uunituore
uunituoreille                           :P:All:                   uunituore
uunituoreina                            :P:Ess:                   uunituore
uunituoreiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uunituore
uunituorein                             :P:Ins:                   uunituore
uunituoreitta                           :P:Abe:                   uunituore
uunituoreine                            :P:Kom:                   uunituore
uunivaunu                               :S:Nom:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunun                              :S:Gen:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunua                              :S:Par:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunussa                            :S:Ine:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunusta                            :S:Ela:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuun                             :S:Ill:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunulla                            :S:Ade:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunulta                            :S:Abl:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunulle                            :S:All:                   uunivaunu
uunivaununa                             :S:Ess:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuksi                            :S:Tra:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunutta                            :S:Abe:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunut                              :P:Nom:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunujen                            :P:Gen:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuja                             :P:Par:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuissa                           :P:Ine:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuista                           :P:Ela:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuihin                           :P:Ill:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuilla                           :P:Ade:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuilta                           :P:Abl:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuille                           :P:All:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuina                            :P:Ess:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuin                             :P:Ins:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuitta                           :P:Abe:                   uunivaunu
uunivaunuine                            :P:Kom:                   uunivaunu
uunivuoka                               :S:Nom:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoan                               :S:Gen:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokaa                              :S:Par:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoassa                             :S:Ine:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoasta                             :S:Ela:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokaan                             :S:Ill:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoalla                             :S:Ade:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoalta                             :S:Abl:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoalle                             :S:All:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokana                             :S:Ess:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoatta                             :S:Abe:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoat                               :P:Nom:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokien                             :P:Gen:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokain                             :P:Gen:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokia                              :P:Par:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoissa                             :P:Ine:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoista                             :P:Ela:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokiin                             :P:Ill:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoilla                             :P:Ade:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoilta                             :P:Abl:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoille                             :P:All:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokina                             :P:Ess:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoin                               :P:Ins:                   uunivuoka
uunivuoitta                             :P:Abe:                   uunivuoka
uunivuokine                             :P:Kom:                   uunivuoka
uuno                                    :S:Nom:                   uuno
uunon                                   :S:Gen:                   uuno
uunoa                                   :S:Par:                   uuno
uunossa                                 :S:Ine:                   uuno
uunosta                                 :S:Ela:                   uuno
uunoon                                  :S:Ill:                   uuno
uunolla                                 :S:Ade:                   uuno
uunolta                                 :S:Abl:                   uuno
uunolle                                 :S:All:                   uuno
uunona                                  :S:Ess:                   uuno
uunoksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uuno
uunotta                                 :S:Abe:                   uuno
uunot                                   :P:Nom:                   uuno
uunojen                                 :P:Gen:                   uuno
uunoja                                  :P:Par:                   uuno
uunoissa                                :P:Ine:                   uuno
uunoista                                :P:Ela:                   uuno
uunoihin                                :P:Ill:                   uuno
uunoilla                                :P:Ade:                   uuno
uunoilta                                :P:Abl:                   uuno
uunoille                                :P:All:                   uuno
uunoina                                 :P:Ess:                   uuno
uunoiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uuno
uunoin                                  :P:Ins:                   uuno
uunoitta                                :P:Abe:                   uuno
uunoine                                 :P:Kom:                   uuno
uuvun                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uupua
uuvut                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupuu                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uupua
uuvumme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uupua
uuvutte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupuvat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvutaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uupua
uuvu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uupua
uuvu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uuvu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uuvu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uuvu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uuvu                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uuvuin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uupua
uuvuit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupui                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uupua
uuvuimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uupua
uuvuitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupuivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uupunen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uupua
uupunet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupunee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uupua
uupunemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uupua
uupunette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupunevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uupua
uupune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uupua
uupune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uupune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uupune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uupune                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uupuisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uupua
uupuisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uupua
uupuisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uupua
uupuisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupuisivat                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uupua
uupuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uupua
uupuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uupuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uupuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uupuisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uuvu                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupukoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uupua
uupukaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uupua
uupukaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupukoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uupua
uuvu                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uupuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uupuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uupuko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uupua
uupua                                   :Inf1:                    uupua
uupuakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  uupua
uupuessa                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uupua
uuvuttaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uupua
uupuen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uupua
uupumassa                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uupua
uupumasta                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uupua
uupumaan                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uupua
uupumalla                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uupua
uupumatta                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uupua
uupuman                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uupua
uuvuttaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uupua
uupuminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                uupua
uupumista                               :Inf4:Par:                uupua
uupumaisillaan                          :Inf5:                    uupua
uupuva                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uupua
uuvuttava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uupua
uupunut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uupua
uupuma                                  :Cip:Age:                 uupua
uupumaton                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uupunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uupua
uupunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uupua
uupunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uupunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uupua
uupunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uupua
uupunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uupua
uupunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uupua
uupunut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uupunut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uupua
uupuneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uupua
uupunut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uupua
uupuneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uupua
uuvuttu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uupua
uupumaton                               :S:Nom:                   uupumaton
uupumattoman                            :S:Gen:                   uupumaton
uupumatonta                             :S:Par:                   uupumaton
uupumattomassa                          :S:Ine:                   uupumaton
uupumattomasta                          :S:Ela:                   uupumaton
uupumattomaan                           :S:Ill:                   uupumaton
uupumattomalla                          :S:Ade:                   uupumaton
uupumattomalta                          :S:Abl:                   uupumaton
uupumattomalle                          :S:All:                   uupumaton
uupumattomana                           :S:Ess:                   uupumaton
uupumattomaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uupumaton
uupumattomatta                          :S:Abe:                   uupumaton
uupumattomat                            :P:Nom:                   uupumaton
uupumattomien                           :P:Gen:                   uupumaton
uupumatonten                            :P:Gen:                   uupumaton
uupumattomia                            :P:Par:                   uupumaton
uupumattomissa                          :P:Ine:                   uupumaton
uupumattomista                          :P:Ela:                   uupumaton
uupumattomiin                           :P:Ill:                   uupumaton
uupumattomilla                          :P:Ade:                   uupumaton
uupumattomilta                          :P:Abl:                   uupumaton
uupumattomille                          :P:All:                   uupumaton
uupumattomina                           :P:Ess:                   uupumaton
uupumattomiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uupumaton
uupumattomin                            :P:Ins:                   uupumaton
uupumattomitta                          :P:Abe:                   uupumaton
uupumattomine                           :P:Kom:                   uupumaton
uupumattomuus                           :S:Nom:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuden                         :S:Gen:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuutta                         :S:Par:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuudella                       :S:Ade:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuudelle                       :S:All:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuutena                        :S:Ess:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuutta                         :S:Abe:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuudet                         :P:Nom:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksia                        :P:Par:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksille                      :P:All:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   uupumattomuus
uupumattomuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   uupumattomuus
uupumus                                 :S:Nom:                   uupumus
uupumuksen                              :S:Gen:                   uupumus
uupumusta                               :S:Par:                   uupumus
uupumuksessa                            :S:Ine:                   uupumus
uupumuksesta                            :S:Ela:                   uupumus
uupumukseen                             :S:Ill:                   uupumus
uupumuksella                            :S:Ade:                   uupumus
uupumukselta                            :S:Abl:                   uupumus
uupumukselle                            :S:All:                   uupumus
uupumuksena                             :S:Ess:                   uupumus
uupumukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uupumus
uupumuksetta                            :S:Abe:                   uupumus
uupumukset                              :P:Nom:                   uupumus
uupumusten                              :P:Gen:                   uupumus
uupumuksien                             :P:Gen:                   uupumus
uupumuksia                              :P:Par:                   uupumus
uupumuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   uupumus
uupumuksista                            :P:Ela:                   uupumus
uupumuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   uupumus
uupumuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   uupumus
uupumuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   uupumus
uupumuksille                            :P:All:                   uupumus
uupumuksina                             :P:Ess:                   uupumus
uupumuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uupumus
uupumuksin                              :P:Ins:                   uupumus
uupumuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   uupumus
uupumuksine                             :P:Kom:                   uupumus
uuras                                   :S:Nom:                   uuras
uuraan                                  :S:Gen:                   uuras
uurasta                                 :S:Par:                   uuras
uuraassa                                :S:Ine:                   uuras
uuraasta                                :S:Ela:                   uuras
uuraaseen                               :S:Ill:                   uuras
uuraalla                                :S:Ade:                   uuras
uuraalta                                :S:Abl:                   uuras
uuraalle                                :S:All:                   uuras
uuraana                                 :S:Ess:                   uuras
uuraaksi                                :S:Tra:                   uuras
uuraatta                                :S:Abe:                   uuras
uuraat                                  :P:Nom:                   uuras
uuraiden                                :P:Gen:                   uuras
uuraitten                               :P:Gen:                   uuras
uuraita                                 :P:Par:                   uuras
uuraissa                                :P:Ine:                   uuras
uuraista                                :P:Ela:                   uuras
uuraisiin                               :P:Ill:                   uuras
uurailla                                :P:Ade:                   uuras
uurailta                                :P:Abl:                   uuras
uuraille                                :P:All:                   uuras
uuraina                                 :P:Ess:                   uuras
uuraiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uuras
uurain                                  :P:Ins:                   uuras
uuraitta                                :P:Abe:                   uuras
uuraine                                 :P:Kom:                   uuras
uurastan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurastaa
uurastat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurastaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uurastaa
uurasta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurasta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurasta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurasta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurasta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurasta                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurasteta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurastin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uurastaa
uurastit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurasti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurastanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurastaa
uurastanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurastanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurastaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurastaa
uurastaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurastaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurasta                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurastakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uurastaa
uurasta                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastaa                                :Inf1:                    uurastaa
uurastaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uurastaa
uurastaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uurastaa
uurastettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uurastaa
uurastaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uurastaa
uurastamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uurastaa
uurastamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uurastaa
uurastamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uurastaa
uurastamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uurastaa
uurastamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uurastaa
uurastaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uurastaa
uurastettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uurastaa
uurastaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uurastaa
uurastamista                            :Inf4:Par:                uurastaa
uurastamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uurastaa
uurastava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uurastaa
uurastettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastama                               :Cip:Age:                 uurastaa
uurastamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uurastaa
uurastanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurastaa
uurastettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurastaa
uurastaja                               :S:Nom:                   uurastaja
uurastajan                              :S:Gen:                   uurastaja
uurastajaa                              :S:Par:                   uurastaja
uurastajassa                            :S:Ine:                   uurastaja
uurastajasta                            :S:Ela:                   uurastaja
uurastajaan                             :S:Ill:                   uurastaja
uurastajalla                            :S:Ade:                   uurastaja
uurastajalta                            :S:Abl:                   uurastaja
uurastajalle                            :S:All:                   uurastaja
uurastajana                             :S:Ess:                   uurastaja
uurastajaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uurastaja
uurastajatta                            :S:Abe:                   uurastaja
uurastajat                              :P:Nom:                   uurastaja
uurastajien                             :P:Gen:                   uurastaja
uurastajain                             :P:Gen:                   uurastaja
uurastajia                              :P:Par:                   uurastaja
uurastajissa                            :P:Ine:                   uurastaja
uurastajista                            :P:Ela:                   uurastaja
uurastajiin                             :P:Ill:                   uurastaja
uurastajilla                            :P:Ade:                   uurastaja
uurastajilta                            :P:Abl:                   uurastaja
uurastajille                            :P:All:                   uurastaja
uurastajina                             :P:Ess:                   uurastaja
uurastajiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uurastaja
uurastajin                              :P:Ins:                   uurastaja
uurastajitta                            :P:Abe:                   uurastaja
uurastajine                             :P:Kom:                   uurastaja
uurastus                                :S:Nom:                   uurastus
uurastuksen                             :S:Gen:                   uurastus
uurastusta                              :S:Par:                   uurastus
uurastuksessa                           :S:Ine:                   uurastus
uurastuksesta                           :S:Ela:                   uurastus
uurastukseen                            :S:Ill:                   uurastus
uurastuksella                           :S:Ade:                   uurastus
uurastukselta                           :S:Abl:                   uurastus
uurastukselle                           :S:All:                   uurastus
uurastuksena                            :S:Ess:                   uurastus
uurastukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uurastus
uurastuksetta                           :S:Abe:                   uurastus
uurastukset                             :P:Nom:                   uurastus
uurastusten                             :P:Gen:                   uurastus
uurastuksien                            :P:Gen:                   uurastus
uurastuksia                             :P:Par:                   uurastus
uurastuksissa                           :P:Ine:                   uurastus
uurastuksista                           :P:Ela:                   uurastus
uurastuksiin                            :P:Ill:                   uurastus
uurastuksilla                           :P:Ade:                   uurastus
uurastuksilta                           :P:Abl:                   uurastus
uurastuksille                           :P:All:                   uurastus
uurastuksina                            :P:Ess:                   uurastus
uurastuksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uurastus
uurastuksin                             :P:Ins:                   uurastus
uurastuksitta                           :P:Abe:                   uurastus
uurastuksine                            :P:Kom:                   uurastus
uurna                                   :S:Nom:                   uurna
uurnan                                  :S:Gen:                   uurna
uurnaa                                  :S:Par:                   uurna
uurnassa                                :S:Ine:                   uurna
uurnasta                                :S:Ela:                   uurna
uurnaan                                 :S:Ill:                   uurna
uurnalla                                :S:Ade:                   uurna
uurnalta                                :S:Abl:                   uurna
uurnalle                                :S:All:                   uurna
uurnana                                 :S:Ess:                   uurna
uurnaksi                                :S:Tra:                   uurna
uurnatta                                :S:Abe:                   uurna
uurnat                                  :P:Nom:                   uurna
uurnien                                 :P:Gen:                   uurna
uurnain                                 :P:Gen:                   uurna
uurnia                                  :P:Par:                   uurna
uurnissa                                :P:Ine:                   uurna
uurnista                                :P:Ela:                   uurna
uurniin                                 :P:Ill:                   uurna
uurnilla                                :P:Ade:                   uurna
uurnilta                                :P:Abl:                   uurna
uurnille                                :P:All:                   uurna
uurnina                                 :P:Ess:                   uurna
uurniksi                                :P:Tra:                   uurna
uurnin                                  :P:Ins:                   uurna
uurnitta                                :P:Abe:                   uurna
uurnine                                 :P:Kom:                   uurna
uurnahauta                              :S:Nom:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudan                             :S:Gen:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautaa                             :S:Par:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudassa                           :S:Ine:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudasta                           :S:Ela:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautaan                            :S:Ill:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudalla                           :S:Ade:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudalta                           :S:Abl:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudalle                           :S:All:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautana                            :S:Ess:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudatta                           :S:Abe:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudat                             :P:Nom:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautojen                           :P:Gen:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautain                            :P:Gen:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautoja                            :P:Par:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudoista                          :P:Ela:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudoille                          :P:All:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautoina                           :P:Ess:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudoin                            :P:Ins:                   uurnahauta
uurnahaudoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautoine                           :P:Kom:                   uurnahauta
uurnahautausmaa                         :S:Nom:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaan                        :S:Gen:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaata                       :S:Par:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaassa                      :S:Ine:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaasta                      :S:Ela:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaahan                      :S:Ill:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaalla                      :S:Ade:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaalta                      :S:Abl:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaalle                      :S:All:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaana                       :S:Ess:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaaksi                      :S:Tra:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaatta                      :S:Abe:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaat                        :P:Nom:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaiden                      :P:Gen:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaitten                     :P:Gen:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaita                       :P:Par:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaissa                      :P:Ine:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaista                      :P:Ela:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaihin                      :P:Ill:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmailla                      :P:Ade:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmailta                      :P:Abl:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaille                      :P:All:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaina                       :P:Ess:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmain                        :P:Ins:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaitta                      :P:Abe:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnahautausmaine                       :P:Kom:                   uurnahautausmaa
uurnaholvi                              :S:Nom:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvin                             :S:Gen:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvia                             :S:Par:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvissa                           :S:Ine:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvista                           :S:Ela:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholviin                            :S:Ill:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvilla                           :S:Ade:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvilta                           :S:Abl:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholville                           :S:All:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvina                            :S:Ess:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholviksi                           :S:Tra:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvitta                           :S:Abe:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvit                             :P:Nom:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvien                            :P:Gen:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveja                            :P:Par:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveissa                          :P:Ine:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveista                          :P:Ela:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveihin                          :P:Ill:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveilla                          :P:Ade:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveilta                          :P:Abl:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveille                          :P:All:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveina                           :P:Ess:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholvein                            :P:Ins:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveitta                          :P:Abe:                   uurnaholvi
uurnaholveine                           :P:Kom:                   uurnaholvi
uurnalehto                              :S:Nom:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdon                             :S:Gen:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehtoa                             :S:Par:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdossa                           :S:Ine:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdosta                           :S:Ela:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehtoon                            :S:Ill:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdolla                           :S:Ade:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdolta                           :S:Abl:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdolle                           :S:All:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehtona                            :S:Ess:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoksi                           :S:Tra:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdotta                           :S:Abe:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdot                             :P:Nom:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehtojen                           :P:Gen:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehtoja                            :P:Par:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoista                          :P:Ela:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehtoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoille                          :P:All:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehtoina                           :P:Ess:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoin                            :P:Ins:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehdoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uurnalehto
uurnalehtoine                           :P:Kom:                   uurnalehto
uurre                                   :S:Nom:                   uurre
uurteen                                 :S:Gen:                   uurre
uurretta                                :S:Par:                   uurre
uurteessa                               :S:Ine:                   uurre
uurteesta                               :S:Ela:                   uurre
uurteeseen                              :S:Ill:                   uurre
uurteella                               :S:Ade:                   uurre
uurteelta                               :S:Abl:                   uurre
uurteelle                               :S:All:                   uurre
uurteena                                :S:Ess:                   uurre
uurteeksi                               :S:Tra:                   uurre
uurteetta                               :S:Abe:                   uurre
uurteet                                 :P:Nom:                   uurre
uurteiden                               :P:Gen:                   uurre
uurreitten                              :P:Gen:                   uurre
uurteita                                :P:Par:                   uurre
uurteissa                               :P:Ine:                   uurre
uurteista                               :P:Ela:                   uurre
uurteisiin                              :P:Ill:                   uurre
uurteihin                               :P:Ill:                   uurre
uurteilla                               :P:Ade:                   uurre
uurteilta                               :P:Abl:                   uurre
uurteille                               :P:All:                   uurre
uurteina                                :P:Ess:                   uurre
uurteiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uurre
uurtein                                 :P:Ins:                   uurre
uurteitta                               :P:Abe:                   uurre
uurteine                                :P:Kom:                   uurre
uurrehöylä                              :S:Nom:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylän                             :S:Gen:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylää                             :S:Par:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylässä                           :S:Ine:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylästä                           :S:Ela:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylään                            :S:Ill:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylällä                           :S:Ade:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylältä                           :S:Abl:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylälle                           :S:All:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylänä                            :S:Ess:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöyläksi                           :S:Tra:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylättä                           :S:Abe:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylät                             :P:Nom:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylien                            :P:Gen:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöyläin                            :P:Gen:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöyliä                             :P:Par:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylissä                           :P:Ine:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylistä                           :P:Ela:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöyliin                            :P:Ill:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylillä                           :P:Ade:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöyliltä                           :P:Abl:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylille                           :P:All:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylinä                            :P:Ess:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöyliksi                           :P:Tra:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylin                             :P:Ins:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöylittä                           :P:Abe:                   uurrehöylä
uurrehöyline                            :P:Kom:                   uurrehöylä
uurros                                  :S:Nom:                   uurros
uurroksen                               :S:Gen:                   uurros
uurrosta                                :S:Par:                   uurros
uurroksessa                             :S:Ine:                   uurros
uurroksesta                             :S:Ela:                   uurros
uurrokseen                              :S:Ill:                   uurros
uurroksella                             :S:Ade:                   uurros
uurrokselta                             :S:Abl:                   uurros
uurrokselle                             :S:All:                   uurros
uurroksena                              :S:Ess:                   uurros
uurrokseksi                             :S:Tra:                   uurros
uurroksetta                             :S:Abe:                   uurros
uurrokset                               :P:Nom:                   uurros
uurrosten                               :P:Gen:                   uurros
uurroksien                              :P:Gen:                   uurros
uurroksia                               :P:Par:                   uurros
uurroksissa                             :P:Ine:                   uurros
uurroksista                             :P:Ela:                   uurros
uurroksiin                              :P:Ill:                   uurros
uurroksilla                             :P:Ade:                   uurros
uurroksilta                             :P:Abl:                   uurros
uurroksille                             :P:All:                   uurros
uurroksina                              :P:Ess:                   uurros
uurroksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uurros
uurroksin                               :P:Ins:                   uurros
uurroksitta                             :P:Abe:                   uurros
uurroksine                              :P:Kom:                   uurros
uurrostan                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurrostaa
uurrostat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrostaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostamme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostatte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostavat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostetaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrosta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrosta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrosta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrosta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrosta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrosta                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrosteta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrostin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uurrostaa
uurrostit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrosti                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrostanen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurrostaa
uurrostanet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrostanee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostanemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostanette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostanevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrostaisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurrostaa
uurrostaisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrostaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostaisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostaisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostaisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrosta                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrostakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostakaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostakaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostakoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrosta                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostaa                               :Inf1:                    uurrostaa
uurrostaakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  uurrostaa
uurrostaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uurrostaa
uurrostettaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uurrostaa
uurrostaen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uurrostaa
uurrostamassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uurrostaa
uurrostamasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uurrostaa
uurrostamaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uurrostaa
uurrostamalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uurrostaa
uurrostamatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uurrostaa
uurrostaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uurrostaa
uurrostettaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uurrostaa
uurrostaminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                uurrostaa
uurrostamista                           :Inf4:Par:                uurrostaa
uurrostamaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    uurrostaa
uurrostava                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uurrostaa
uurrostettava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostama                              :Cip:Age:                 uurrostaa
uurrostamaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             uurrostaa
uurrostanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurrostaa
uurrostettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurrostaa
uurrostus                               :S:Nom:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksen                            :S:Gen:                   uurrostus
uurrostusta                             :S:Par:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksessa                          :S:Ine:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksesta                          :S:Ela:                   uurrostus
uurrostukseen                           :S:Ill:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksella                          :S:Ade:                   uurrostus
uurrostukselta                          :S:Abl:                   uurrostus
uurrostukselle                          :S:All:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksena                           :S:Ess:                   uurrostus
uurrostukseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksetta                          :S:Abe:                   uurrostus
uurrostukset                            :P:Nom:                   uurrostus
uurrostusten                            :P:Gen:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksien                           :P:Gen:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksia                            :P:Par:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksista                          :P:Ela:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksille                          :P:All:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksina                           :P:Ess:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksin                            :P:Ins:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   uurrostus
uurrostuksine                           :P:Kom:                   uurrostus
uurran                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurtaa
uurrat                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uurtaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurramme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uurratte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uurtavat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurretaan                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uurtaa
uurra                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurra                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurra                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurra                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurra                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurra                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurreta                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uursin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uurtaa
uursit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uursi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uursimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uursitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uursivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uurtanen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurtaa
uurtanet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uurtanee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurtanemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uurtanette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uurtanevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettaneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettane                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uurtaisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uurtaa
uurtaisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uurtaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurtaisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uurtaisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uurtaisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettaisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettaisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uurra                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uurtakoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurtakaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uurtakaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uurtakoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uurtaa
uurra                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettako                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtaa                                  :Inf1:                    uurtaa
uurtaakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  uurtaa
uurtaessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uurtaa
uurrettaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uurtaa
uurtaen                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uurtaa
uurtamassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uurtaa
uurtamasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uurtaa
uurtamaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uurtaa
uurtamalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uurtaa
uurtamatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uurtaa
uurtaman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uurtaa
uurrettaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uurtaa
uurtaminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                uurtaa
uurtamista                              :Inf4:Par:                uurtaa
uurtamaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    uurtaa
uurtava                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uurtaa
uurrettava                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtama                                 :Cip:Age:                 uurtaa
uurtamaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             uurtaa
uurtanut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurtaneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uurtaa
uurrettu                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uurtaa
uurteellinen                            :S:Nom:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisen                            :S:Gen:                   uurteellinen
uurteellista                            :S:Par:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisessa                          :S:Ine:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisesta                          :S:Ela:                   uurteellinen
uurteelliseen                           :S:Ill:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisella                          :S:Ade:                   uurteellinen
uurteelliselta                          :S:Abl:                   uurteellinen
uurteelliselle                          :S:All:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisena                           :S:Ess:                   uurteellinen
uurteelliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisetta                          :S:Abe:                   uurteellinen
uurteelliset                            :P:Nom:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisten                           :P:Gen:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisin                            :P:Gen:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisia                            :P:Par:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisissa                          :P:Ine:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisista                          :P:Ela:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisiin                           :P:Ill:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisilla                          :P:Ade:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisilta                          :P:Abl:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisille                          :P:All:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisina                           :P:Ess:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisin                            :P:Ins:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisitta                          :P:Abe:                   uurteellinen
uurteellisine                           :P:Kom:                   uurteellinen
uurteinen                               :S:Nom:                   uurteinen
uurteisen                               :S:Gen:                   uurteinen
uurteista                               :S:Par:                   uurteinen
uurteisessa                             :S:Ine:                   uurteinen
uurteisesta                             :S:Ela:                   uurteinen
uurteiseen                              :S:Ill:                   uurteinen
uurteisella                             :S:Ade:                   uurteinen
uurteiselta                             :S:Abl:                   uurteinen
uurteiselle                             :S:All:                   uurteinen
uurteisena                              :S:Ess:                   uurteinen
uurteiseksi                             :S:Tra:                   uurteinen
uurteisetta                             :S:Abe:                   uurteinen
uurteiset                               :P:Nom:                   uurteinen
uurteisten                              :P:Gen:                   uurteinen
uurteisin                               :P:Gen:                   uurteinen
uurteisia                               :P:Par:                   uurteinen
uurteisissa                             :P:Ine:                   uurteinen
uurteisista                             :P:Ela:                   uurteinen
uurteisiin                              :P:Ill:                   uurteinen
uurteisilla                             :P:Ade:                   uurteinen
uurteisilta                             :P:Abl:                   uurteinen
uurteisille                             :P:All:                   uurteinen
uurteisina                              :P:Ess:                   uurteinen
uurteisiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uurteinen
uurteisin                               :P:Ins:                   uurteinen
uurteisitta                             :P:Abe:                   uurteinen
uurteisine                              :P:Kom:                   uurteinen
uurteisuus                              :S:Nom:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuden                            :S:Gen:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuutta                            :S:Par:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuudessa                          :S:Ine:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuudesta                          :S:Ela:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuteen                           :S:Ill:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuudella                          :S:Ade:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuudelta                          :S:Abl:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuudelle                          :S:All:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuutena                           :S:Ess:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuudeksi                          :S:Tra:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuutta                            :S:Abe:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuudet                            :P:Nom:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksien                          :P:Gen:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksia                           :P:Par:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksista                         :P:Ela:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksille                         :P:All:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksina                          :P:Ess:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksin                           :P:Ins:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   uurteisuus
uurteisuuksine                          :P:Kom:                   uurteisuus
uurteisvalas                            :S:Nom:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaan                           :S:Gen:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalasta                          :S:Par:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaassa                         :S:Ine:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaasta                         :S:Ela:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaaseen                        :S:Ill:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaalla                         :S:Ade:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaalta                         :S:Abl:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaalle                         :S:All:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaana                          :S:Ess:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaaksi                         :S:Tra:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaatta                         :S:Abe:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaat                           :P:Nom:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaiden                         :P:Gen:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaitten                        :P:Gen:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaita                          :P:Par:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaissa                         :P:Ine:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaista                         :P:Ela:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalailla                         :P:Ade:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalailta                         :P:Abl:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaille                         :P:All:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaina                          :P:Ess:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalain                           :P:Ins:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaitta                         :P:Abe:                   uurteisvalas
uurteisvalaine                          :P:Kom:                   uurteisvalas
uurto                                   :S:Nom:                   uurto
uurron                                  :S:Gen:                   uurto
uurtoa                                  :S:Par:                   uurto
uurrossa                                :S:Ine:                   uurto
uurrosta                                :S:Ela:                   uurto
uurtoon                                 :S:Ill:                   uurto
uurrolla                                :S:Ade:                   uurto
uurrolta                                :S:Abl:                   uurto
uurrolle                                :S:All:                   uurto
uurtona                                 :S:Ess:                   uurto
uurroksi                                :S:Tra:                   uurto
uurrotta                                :S:Abe:                   uurto
uurrot                                  :P:Nom:                   uurto
uurtojen                                :P:Gen:                   uurto
uurtoja                                 :P:Par:                   uurto
uurroissa                               :P:Ine:                   uurto
uurroista                               :P:Ela:                   uurto
uurtoihin                               :P:Ill:                   uurto
uurroilla                               :P:Ade:                   uurto
uurroilta                               :P:Abl:                   uurto
uurroille                               :P:All:                   uurto
uurtoina                                :P:Ess:                   uurto
uurroiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uurto
uurroin                                 :P:Ins:                   uurto
uurroitta                               :P:Abe:                   uurto
uurtoine                                :P:Kom:                   uurto
uusasiallinen                           :S:Nom:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisen                           :S:Gen:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallista                           :S:Par:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisessa                         :S:Ine:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisesta                         :S:Ela:                   uusasiallinen
uusasialliseen                          :S:Ill:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisella                         :S:Ade:                   uusasiallinen
uusasialliselta                         :S:Abl:                   uusasiallinen
uusasialliselle                         :S:All:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisena                          :S:Ess:                   uusasiallinen
uusasialliseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisetta                         :S:Abe:                   uusasiallinen
uusasialliset                           :P:Nom:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisten                          :P:Gen:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisin                           :P:Gen:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisia                           :P:Par:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisissa                         :P:Ine:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisista                         :P:Ela:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisilla                         :P:Ade:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisilta                         :P:Abl:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisille                         :P:All:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisina                          :P:Ess:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisin                           :P:Ins:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisitta                         :P:Abe:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisine                          :P:Kom:                   uusasiallinen
uusasiallisuus                          :S:Nom:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuutta                        :S:Par:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuudelle                      :S:All:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksille                     :P:All:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   uusasiallisuus
uusasiallisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   uusasiallisuus
uusaste                                 :S:Nom:                   uusaste
uusasteen                               :S:Gen:                   uusaste
uusastetta                              :S:Par:                   uusaste
uusasteessa                             :S:Ine:                   uusaste
uusasteesta                             :S:Ela:                   uusaste
uusasteeseen                            :S:Ill:                   uusaste
uusasteella                             :S:Ade:                   uusaste
uusasteelta                             :S:Abl:                   uusaste
uusasteelle                             :S:All:                   uusaste
uusasteena                              :S:Ess:                   uusaste
uusasteeksi                             :S:Tra:                   uusaste
uusasteetta                             :S:Abe:                   uusaste
uusasteet                               :P:Nom:                   uusaste
uusasteiden                             :P:Gen:                   uusaste
uusasteitten                            :P:Gen:                   uusaste
uusasteita                              :P:Par:                   uusaste
uusasteissa                             :P:Ine:                   uusaste
uusasteista                             :P:Ela:                   uusaste
uusasteisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uusaste
uusasteihin                             :P:Ill:                   uusaste
uusasteilla                             :P:Ade:                   uusaste
uusasteilta                             :P:Abl:                   uusaste
uusasteille                             :P:All:                   uusaste
uusasteina                              :P:Ess:                   uusaste
uusasteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uusaste
uusastein                               :P:Ins:                   uusaste
uusasteitta                             :P:Abe:                   uusaste
uusasteine                              :P:Kom:                   uusaste
uusavuton                               :S:Nom:                   uusavuton
uusavuttoman                            :S:Gen:                   uusavuton
uusavutonta                             :S:Par:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomassa                          :S:Ine:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomasta                          :S:Ela:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomaan                           :S:Ill:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomalla                          :S:Ade:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomalta                          :S:Abl:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomalle                          :S:All:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomana                           :S:Ess:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomatta                          :S:Abe:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomat                            :P:Nom:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomien                           :P:Gen:                   uusavuton
uusavutonten                            :P:Gen:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomia                            :P:Par:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomissa                          :P:Ine:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomista                          :P:Ela:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomiin                           :P:Ill:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomilla                          :P:Ade:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomilta                          :P:Abl:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomille                          :P:All:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomina                           :P:Ess:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomin                            :P:Ins:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomitta                          :P:Abe:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomine                           :P:Kom:                   uusavuton
uusavuttomuus                           :S:Nom:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuden                         :S:Gen:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuutta                         :S:Par:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuudella                       :S:Ade:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuudelle                       :S:All:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuutena                        :S:Ess:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuutta                         :S:Abe:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuudet                         :P:Nom:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksia                        :P:Par:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksille                      :P:All:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   uusavuttomuus
uusavuttomuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   uusavuttomuus
uuselintarvike                          :S:Nom:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeen                       :S:Gen:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarviketta                       :S:Par:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeessa                     :S:Ine:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeesta                     :S:Ela:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeeseen                    :S:Ill:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeella                     :S:Ade:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeelta                     :S:Abl:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeelle                     :S:All:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeena                      :S:Ess:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeeksi                     :S:Tra:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeetta                     :S:Abe:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeet                       :P:Nom:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeiden                     :P:Gen:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikeitten                     :P:Gen:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeita                      :P:Par:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeissa                     :P:Ine:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeista                     :P:Ela:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeisiin                    :P:Ill:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeihin                     :P:Ill:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeilla                     :P:Ade:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeilta                     :P:Abl:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeille                     :P:All:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeina                      :P:Ess:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkein                       :P:Ins:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeitta                     :P:Abe:                   uuselintarvike
uuselintarvikkeine                      :P:Kom:                   uuselintarvike
uusfasismi                              :S:Nom:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismin                             :S:Gen:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismia                             :S:Par:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismissa                           :S:Ine:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismista                           :S:Ela:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismiin                            :S:Ill:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismilla                           :S:Ade:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismilta                           :S:Abl:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismille                           :S:All:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismina                            :S:Ess:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismiksi                           :S:Tra:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismitta                           :S:Abe:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismit                             :P:Nom:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismien                            :P:Gen:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeja                            :P:Par:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeissa                          :P:Ine:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeista                          :P:Ela:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeihin                          :P:Ill:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeilla                          :P:Ade:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeilta                          :P:Abl:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeille                          :P:All:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeina                           :P:Ess:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismein                            :P:Ins:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeitta                          :P:Abe:                   uusfasismi
uusfasismeine                           :P:Kom:                   uusfasismi
uusfasisti                              :S:Nom:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistin                             :S:Gen:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistia                             :S:Par:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistissa                           :S:Ine:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistista                           :S:Ela:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistiin                            :S:Ill:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistilla                           :S:Ade:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistilta                           :S:Abl:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistille                           :S:All:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistina                            :S:Ess:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistiksi                           :S:Tra:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistitta                           :S:Abe:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistit                             :P:Nom:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistien                            :P:Gen:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteja                            :P:Par:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteissa                          :P:Ine:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteista                          :P:Ela:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteihin                          :P:Ill:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteilla                          :P:Ade:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteilta                          :P:Abl:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteille                          :P:All:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteina                           :P:Ess:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusfasisti
uusfasistein                            :P:Ins:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteitta                          :P:Abe:                   uusfasisti
uusfasisteine                           :P:Kom:                   uusfasisti
uushankinta                             :S:Nom:                   uushankinta
uushankinnan                            :S:Gen:                   uushankinta
uushankintaa                            :S:Par:                   uushankinta
uushankinnassa                          :S:Ine:                   uushankinta
uushankinnasta                          :S:Ela:                   uushankinta
uushankintaan                           :S:Ill:                   uushankinta
uushankinnalla                          :S:Ade:                   uushankinta
uushankinnalta                          :S:Abl:                   uushankinta
uushankinnalle                          :S:All:                   uushankinta
uushankintana                           :S:Ess:                   uushankinta
uushankinnaksi                          :S:Tra:                   uushankinta
uushankinnatta                          :S:Abe:                   uushankinta
uushankinnat                            :P:Nom:                   uushankinta
uushankintojen                          :P:Gen:                   uushankinta
uushankintain                           :P:Gen:                   uushankinta
uushankintoja                           :P:Par:                   uushankinta
uushankinnoissa                         :P:Ine:                   uushankinta
uushankinnoista                         :P:Ela:                   uushankinta
uushankintoihin                         :P:Ill:                   uushankinta
uushankinnoilla                         :P:Ade:                   uushankinta
uushankinnoilta                         :P:Abl:                   uushankinta
uushankinnoille                         :P:All:                   uushankinta
uushankintoina                          :P:Ess:                   uushankinta
uushankinnoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uushankinta
uushankinnoin                           :P:Ins:                   uushankinta
uushankinnoitta                         :P:Abe:                   uushankinta
uushankintoine                          :P:Kom:                   uushankinta
uushopea                                :S:Nom:                   uushopea
uushopean                               :S:Gen:                   uushopea
uushopeaa                               :S:Par:                   uushopea
uushopeassa                             :S:Ine:                   uushopea
uushopeasta                             :S:Ela:                   uushopea
uushopeaan                              :S:Ill:                   uushopea
uushopealla                             :S:Ade:                   uushopea
uushopealta                             :S:Abl:                   uushopea
uushopealle                             :S:All:                   uushopea
uushopeana                              :S:Ess:                   uushopea
uushopeaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uushopea
uushopeatta                             :S:Abe:                   uushopea
uushopeat                               :P:Nom:                   uushopea
uushopeiden                             :P:Gen:                   uushopea
uushopeitten                            :P:Gen:                   uushopea
uushopeain                              :P:Gen:                   uushopea
uushopeita                              :P:Par:                   uushopea
uushopeissa                             :P:Ine:                   uushopea
uushopeista                             :P:Ela:                   uushopea
uushopeisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uushopea
uushopeihin                             :P:Ill:                   uushopea
uushopeilla                             :P:Ade:                   uushopea
uushopeilta                             :P:Abl:                   uushopea
uushopeille                             :P:All:                   uushopea
uushopeina                              :P:Ess:                   uushopea
uushopeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uushopea
uushopein                               :P:Ins:                   uushopea
uushopeitta                             :P:Abe:                   uushopea
uushopeine                              :P:Kom:                   uushopea
uushopeainen                            :S:Nom:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisen                            :S:Gen:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaista                            :S:Par:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisella                          :S:Ade:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaiselle                          :S:All:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisena                           :S:Ess:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaiset                            :P:Nom:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisten                           :P:Gen:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisin                            :P:Gen:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisia                            :P:Par:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisista                          :P:Ela:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisille                          :P:All:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisina                           :P:Ess:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisin                            :P:Ins:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   uushopeainen
uushopeaisine                           :P:Kom:                   uushopeainen
uushopeinen                             :S:Nom:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisen                             :S:Gen:                   uushopeinen
uushopeista                             :S:Par:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisessa                           :S:Ine:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisesta                           :S:Ela:                   uushopeinen
uushopeiseen                            :S:Ill:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisella                           :S:Ade:                   uushopeinen
uushopeiselta                           :S:Abl:                   uushopeinen
uushopeiselle                           :S:All:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisena                            :S:Ess:                   uushopeinen
uushopeiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisetta                           :S:Abe:                   uushopeinen
uushopeiset                             :P:Nom:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisten                            :P:Gen:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisin                             :P:Gen:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisia                             :P:Par:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisissa                           :P:Ine:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisista                           :P:Ela:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisiin                            :P:Ill:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisilla                           :P:Ade:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisilta                           :P:Abl:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisille                           :P:All:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisina                            :P:Ess:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisin                             :P:Ins:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisitta                           :P:Abe:                   uushopeinen
uushopeisine                            :P:Kom:                   uushopeinen
uusi                                    :S:Nom:                   uusi
uuden                                   :S:Gen:                   uusi
uutta                                   :S:Par:                   uusi
uudessa                                 :S:Ine:                   uusi
uudesta                                 :S:Ela:                   uusi
uuteen                                  :S:Ill:                   uusi
uudella                                 :S:Ade:                   uusi
uudelta                                 :S:Abl:                   uusi
uudelle                                 :S:All:                   uusi
uutena                                  :S:Ess:                   uusi
uudeksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uusi
uudetta                                 :S:Abe:                   uusi
uudet                                   :P:Nom:                   uusi
uusien                                  :P:Gen:                   uusi
uutten                                  :P:Gen:                   uusi
uusia                                   :P:Par:                   uusi
uusissa                                 :P:Ine:                   uusi
uusista                                 :P:Ela:                   uusi
uusiin                                  :P:Ill:                   uusi
uusilla                                 :P:Ade:                   uusi
uusilta                                 :P:Abl:                   uusi
uusille                                 :P:All:                   uusi
uusina                                  :P:Ess:                   uusi
uusiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   uusi
uusiin                                  :P:Ins:                   uusi
uusitta                                 :P:Abe:                   uusi
uusine                                  :P:Kom:                   uusi
uusin                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uusia
uusit                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusii                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusimme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusitte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusivat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusitaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uusia
uusi                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusia
uusi                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusi                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusi                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusi                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusi                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusita                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusin                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uusia
uusit                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusi                                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusitte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusivat                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusinen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uusia
uusinet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusinee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusinemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusinette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusinevat                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uusia
uusine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusia
uusine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusisin                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uusia
uusisit                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusisimme                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusisitte                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusisivat                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uusia
uusisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusia
uusisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusi                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusikoon                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusikaamme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusikaa                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusikoot                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uusia
uusi                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusiko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusiko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusiko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusiko                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uusia
uusia                                   :Inf1:                    uusia
uusiakseen                              :Inf1:L:                  uusia
uusiesssa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uusia
uusittaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uusia
uusien                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uusia
uusimassa                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uusia
uusimasta                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uusia
uusimaan                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uusia
uusimalla                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uusia
uusimatta                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uusia
uusiman                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uusia
uusittaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uusia
uusiminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                uusia
uusimista                               :Inf4:Par:                uusia
uusimaisillaan                          :Inf5:                    uusia
uusiva                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uusia
uusittava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uusia
uusinut                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             uusia
uusittu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uusia
uusima                                  :Cip:Age:                 uusia
uusimaton                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusinut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uusia
uusinut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusinut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uusia
uusinut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusinut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uusia
uusinut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uusia
uusinut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uusia
uusineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uusia
uusineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uusia
uusinut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusia
uusinut                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusinut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uusia
uusineet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uusia
uusittu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uusia
uusinut                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusia
uusineet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusia
uusittu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uusia
uusija                                  :S:Nom:                   uusija
uusijan                                 :S:Gen:                   uusija
uusijaa                                 :S:Par:                   uusija
uusijassa                               :S:Ine:                   uusija
uusijasta                               :S:Ela:                   uusija
uusijaan                                :S:Ill:                   uusija
uusijalla                               :S:Ade:                   uusija
uusijalta                               :S:Abl:                   uusija
uusijalle                               :S:All:                   uusija
uusijana                                :S:Ess:                   uusija
uusijaksi                               :S:Tra:                   uusija
uusijatta                               :S:Abe:                   uusija
uusijat                                 :P:Nom:                   uusija
uusijoiden                              :P:Gen:                   uusija
uusijoitten                             :P:Gen:                   uusija
uusijain                                :P:Gen:                   uusija
uusijoita                               :P:Par:                   uusija
uusijoissa                              :P:Ine:                   uusija
uusijoista                              :P:Ela:                   uusija
uusijoihin                              :P:Ill:                   uusija
uusijoilla                              :P:Ade:                   uusija
uusijoilta                              :P:Abl:                   uusija
uusijoille                              :P:All:                   uusija
uusijoina                               :P:Ess:                   uusija
uusijoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uusija
uusijoin                                :P:Ins:                   uusija
uusijoitta                              :P:Abe:                   uusija
uusijoine                               :P:Kom:                   uusija
uusikua                                 :S:Nom:                   uusikuu
uudenkuan                               :S:Gen:                   uusikuu
uuttakuata                              :S:Par:                   uusikuu
uudessakuassa                           :S:Ine:                   uusikuu
uudestakuasta                           :S:Ela:                   uusikuu
uuteenkuuhun                            :S:Ill:                   uusikuu
uudellakualla                           :S:Ade:                   uusikuu
uudeltakualta                           :S:Abl:                   uusikuu
uudellekualle                           :S:All:                   uusikuu
uutenakuana                             :S:Ess:                   uusikuu
uudeksikuaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uusikuu
uudettakuatta                           :S:Abe:                   uusikuu
uudetkuat                               :P:Nom:                   uusikuu
uusienkuiden                            :P:Gen:                   uusikuu
uusiakuita                              :P:Par:                   uusikuu
uusissakuissa                           :P:Ine:                   uusikuu
uusistakuista                           :P:Ela:                   uusikuu
uusiinkuihin                            :P:Ill:                   uusikuu
uusillakuilla                           :P:Ade:                   uusikuu
uusiltakuilta                           :P:Abl:                   uusikuu
uusillekuille                           :P:All:                   uusikuu
uusinakuina                             :P:Ess:                   uusikuu
uusiksikuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uusikuu
uusiinkuin                              :P:Ins:                   uusikuu
uusittakuitta                           :P:Abe:                   uusikuu
uusinekuine                             :P:Kom:                   uusikuu
uusimuotoinen                           :S:Nom:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisen                           :S:Gen:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoista                           :S:Par:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisessa                         :S:Ine:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisesta                         :S:Ela:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoiseen                          :S:Ill:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisella                         :S:Ade:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoiselta                         :S:Abl:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoiselle                         :S:All:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisena                          :S:Ess:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisetta                         :S:Abe:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoiset                           :P:Nom:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisten                          :P:Gen:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisin                           :P:Gen:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisia                           :P:Par:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisissa                         :P:Ine:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisista                         :P:Ela:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisiin                          :P:Ill:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisilla                         :P:Ade:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisilta                         :P:Abl:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisille                         :P:All:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisina                          :P:Ess:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisin                           :P:Ins:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisitta                         :P:Abe:                   uusimuotoinen
uusimuotoisine                          :P:Kom:                   uusimuotoinen
uusinta                                 :S:Nom:                   uusinta
uusinnan                                :S:Gen:                   uusinta
uusintaa                                :S:Par:                   uusinta
uusinnassa                              :S:Ine:                   uusinta
uusinnasta                              :S:Ela:                   uusinta
uusintaan                               :S:Ill:                   uusinta
uusinnalla                              :S:Ade:                   uusinta
uusinnalta                              :S:Abl:                   uusinta
uusinnalle                              :S:All:                   uusinta
uusintana                               :S:Ess:                   uusinta
uusinnaksi                              :S:Tra:                   uusinta
uusinnatta                              :S:Abe:                   uusinta
uusinnat                                :P:Nom:                   uusinta
uusintojen                              :P:Gen:                   uusinta
uusintain                               :P:Gen:                   uusinta
uusintoja                               :P:Par:                   uusinta
uusinnoissa                             :P:Ine:                   uusinta
uusinnoista                             :P:Ela:                   uusinta
uusintoihin                             :P:Ill:                   uusinta
uusinnoilla                             :P:Ade:                   uusinta
uusinnoilta                             :P:Abl:                   uusinta
uusinnoille                             :P:All:                   uusinta
uusintoina                              :P:Ess:                   uusinta
uusinnoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uusinta
uusinnoin                               :P:Ins:                   uusinta
uusinnoitta                             :P:Abe:                   uusinta
uusintoine                              :P:Kom:                   uusinta
uusintaesitys                           :S:Nom:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksen                        :S:Gen:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesitystä                         :S:Par:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksessä                      :S:Ine:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksestä                      :S:Ela:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesitykseen                       :S:Ill:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksellä                      :S:Ade:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesitykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesitykselle                      :S:All:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksenä                       :S:Ess:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesitykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksettä                      :S:Abe:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesitykset                        :P:Nom:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesitysten                        :P:Gen:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksien                       :P:Gen:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksiä                        :P:Par:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksissä                      :P:Ine:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksistä                      :P:Ela:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksillä                      :P:Ade:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksille                      :P:All:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksinä                       :P:Ess:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksin                        :P:Ins:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksittä                      :P:Abe:                   uusintaesitys
uusintaesityksine                       :P:Kom:                   uusintaesitys
uusintainvestointi                      :S:Nom:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnin                     :S:Gen:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestointia                     :S:Par:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnissa                   :S:Ine:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnista                   :S:Ela:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestointiin                    :S:Ill:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnilla                   :S:Ade:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnilta                   :S:Abl:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnille                   :S:All:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestointina                    :S:Ess:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinniksi                   :S:Tra:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnitta                   :S:Abe:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnit                     :P:Nom:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestointien                    :P:Gen:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestointeja                    :P:Par:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinneissa                  :P:Ine:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinneista                  :P:Ela:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestointeihin                  :P:Ill:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinneilla                  :P:Ade:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinneilta                  :P:Abl:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinneille                  :P:All:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestointeina                   :P:Ess:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinneiksi                  :P:Tra:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinnein                    :P:Ins:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestoinneitta                  :P:Abe:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintainvestointeine                   :P:Kom:                   uusintainvestointi
uusintakilpailu                         :S:Nom:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailun                        :S:Gen:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailua                        :S:Par:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailussa                      :S:Ine:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailusta                      :S:Ela:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuun                       :S:Ill:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailulla                      :S:Ade:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailulta                      :S:Abl:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailulle                      :S:All:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuna                       :S:Ess:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuksi                      :S:Tra:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailutta                      :S:Abe:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailut                        :P:Nom:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailujen                      :P:Gen:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuiden                     :P:Gen:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuitten                    :P:Gen:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuja                       :P:Par:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuita                      :P:Par:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuissa                     :P:Ine:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuista                     :P:Ela:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuihin                     :P:Ill:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuilla                     :P:Ade:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuilta                     :P:Abl:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuille                     :P:All:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuina                      :P:Ess:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuin                       :P:Ins:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuitta                     :P:Abe:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakilpailuine                      :P:Kom:                   uusintakilpailu
uusintakuulustelu                       :S:Nom:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelun                      :S:Gen:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelua                      :S:Par:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelussa                    :S:Ine:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelusta                    :S:Ela:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluun                     :S:Ill:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelulla                    :S:Ade:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelulta                    :S:Abl:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelulle                    :S:All:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluna                     :S:Ess:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluksi                    :S:Tra:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelutta                    :S:Abe:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelut                      :P:Nom:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulustelujen                    :P:Gen:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluiden                   :P:Gen:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluitten                  :P:Gen:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluja                     :P:Par:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluita                    :P:Par:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluissa                   :P:Ine:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluista                   :P:Ela:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluihin                   :P:Ill:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluilla                   :P:Ade:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluilta                   :P:Abl:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluille                   :P:All:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluina                    :P:Ess:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluiksi                   :P:Tra:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluin                     :P:Ins:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluitta                   :P:Abe:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakuulusteluine                    :P:Kom:                   uusintakuulustelu
uusintakäsittely                        :S:Nom:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyn                       :S:Gen:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyä                       :S:Par:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyssä                     :S:Ine:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelystä                     :S:Ela:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyyn                      :S:Ill:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyllä                     :S:Ade:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyltä                     :S:Abl:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelylle                     :S:All:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelynä                      :S:Ess:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyksi                     :S:Tra:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyttä                     :S:Abe:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyt                       :P:Nom:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyjen                     :P:Gen:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyiden                    :P:Gen:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyitten                   :P:Gen:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyjä                      :P:Par:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyitä                     :P:Par:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyissä                    :P:Ine:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyistä                    :P:Ela:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyihin                    :P:Ill:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyillä                    :P:Ade:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyiltä                    :P:Abl:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyille                    :P:All:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyinä                     :P:Ess:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyiksi                    :P:Tra:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyin                      :P:Ins:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyittä                    :P:Abe:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintakäsittelyine                     :P:Kom:                   uusintakäsittely
uusintalähetys                          :S:Nom:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksen                       :S:Gen:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetystä                        :S:Par:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksessä                     :S:Ine:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksestä                     :S:Ela:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetykseen                      :S:Ill:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksellä                     :S:Ade:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetykselle                     :S:All:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksenä                      :S:Ess:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksettä                     :S:Abe:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetykset                       :P:Nom:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetysten                       :P:Gen:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksien                      :P:Gen:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksiä                       :P:Par:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksille                     :P:All:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksin                       :P:Ins:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   uusintalähetys
uusintalähetyksine                      :P:Kom:                   uusintalähetys
uusintaottelu                           :S:Nom:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelun                          :S:Gen:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelua                          :S:Par:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelussa                        :S:Ine:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelusta                        :S:Ela:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluun                         :S:Ill:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelulla                        :S:Ade:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelulta                        :S:Abl:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelulle                        :S:All:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluna                         :S:Ess:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluksi                        :S:Tra:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelutta                        :S:Abe:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelut                          :P:Nom:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaottelujen                        :P:Gen:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluiden                       :P:Gen:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluitten                      :P:Gen:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluja                         :P:Par:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluita                        :P:Par:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluissa                       :P:Ine:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluista                       :P:Ela:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluihin                       :P:Ill:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluilla                       :P:Ade:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluilta                       :P:Abl:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluille                       :P:All:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluina                        :P:Ess:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluin                         :P:Ins:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluitta                       :P:Abe:                   uusintaottelu
uusintaotteluine                        :P:Kom:                   uusintaottelu
uusintapainos                           :S:Nom:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksen                        :S:Gen:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainosta                         :S:Par:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksessa                      :S:Ine:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksesta                      :S:Ela:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainokseen                       :S:Ill:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksella                      :S:Ade:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainokselta                      :S:Abl:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainokselle                      :S:All:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksena                       :S:Ess:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainokseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksetta                      :S:Abe:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainokset                        :P:Nom:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainosten                        :P:Gen:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksien                       :P:Gen:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksia                        :P:Par:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksissa                      :P:Ine:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksista                      :P:Ela:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksilla                      :P:Ade:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksilta                      :P:Abl:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksille                      :P:All:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksina                       :P:Ess:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksin                        :P:Ins:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksitta                      :P:Abe:                   uusintapainos
uusintapainoksine                       :P:Kom:                   uusintapainos
uusintavaali                            :S:Nom:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalin                           :S:Gen:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalia                           :S:Par:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalissa                         :S:Ine:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalista                         :S:Ela:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaliin                          :S:Ill:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalilla                         :S:Ade:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalilta                         :S:Abl:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalille                         :S:All:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalina                          :S:Ess:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaliksi                         :S:Tra:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalitta                         :S:Abe:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalit                           :P:Nom:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalien                          :P:Gen:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleja                          :P:Par:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleissa                        :P:Ine:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleista                        :P:Ela:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleihin                        :P:Ill:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleilla                        :P:Ade:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleilta                        :P:Abl:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleille                        :P:All:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleina                         :P:Ess:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaalein                          :P:Ins:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleitta                        :P:Abe:                   uusintavaali
uusintavaaleine                         :P:Kom:                   uusintavaali
uusinto                                 :S:Nom:                   uusinto
uusinnon                                :S:Gen:                   uusinto
uusintoa                                :S:Par:                   uusinto
uusinnossa                              :S:Ine:                   uusinto
uusinnosta                              :S:Ela:                   uusinto
uusintoon                               :S:Ill:                   uusinto
uusinnolla                              :S:Ade:                   uusinto
uusinnolta                              :S:Abl:                   uusinto
uusinnolle                              :S:All:                   uusinto
uusintona                               :S:Ess:                   uusinto
uusinnoksi                              :S:Tra:                   uusinto
uusinnotta                              :S:Abe:                   uusinto
uusinnot                                :P:Nom:                   uusinto
uusintojen                              :P:Gen:                   uusinto
uusintoja                               :P:Par:                   uusinto
uusinnoissa                             :P:Ine:                   uusinto
uusinnoista                             :P:Ela:                   uusinto
uusintoihin                             :P:Ill:                   uusinto
uusinnoilla                             :P:Ade:                   uusinto
uusinnoilta                             :P:Abl:                   uusinto
uusinnoille                             :P:All:                   uusinto
uusintoina                              :P:Ess:                   uusinto
uusinnoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uusinto
uusinnoin                               :P:Ins:                   uusinto
uusinnoitta                             :P:Abe:                   uusinto
uusintoine                              :P:Kom:                   uusinto
uusinvestointi                          :S:Nom:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnin                         :S:Gen:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestointia                         :S:Par:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnissa                       :S:Ine:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnista                       :S:Ela:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestointiin                        :S:Ill:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnilla                       :S:Ade:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnilta                       :S:Abl:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnille                       :S:All:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestointina                        :S:Ess:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinniksi                       :S:Tra:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnitta                       :S:Abe:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnit                         :P:Nom:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestointien                        :P:Gen:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestointeja                        :P:Par:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinneissa                      :P:Ine:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinneista                      :P:Ela:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestointeihin                      :P:Ill:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinneilla                      :P:Ade:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinneilta                      :P:Abl:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinneille                      :P:All:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestointeina                       :P:Ess:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinneiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinnein                        :P:Ins:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestoinneitta                      :P:Abe:                   uusinvestointi
uusinvestointeine                       :P:Kom:                   uusinvestointi
uusiokuitu                              :S:Nom:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuidun                             :S:Gen:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuitua                             :S:Par:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuidussa                           :S:Ine:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuidusta                           :S:Ela:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuituun                            :S:Ill:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuidulla                           :S:Ade:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuidulta                           :S:Abl:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuidulle                           :S:All:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuituna                            :S:Ess:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduksi                           :S:Tra:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuidutta                           :S:Abe:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuidut                             :P:Nom:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuitujen                           :P:Gen:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuituja                            :P:Par:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduissa                          :P:Ine:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduista                          :P:Ela:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuituihin                          :P:Ill:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduilla                          :P:Ade:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduilta                          :P:Abl:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduille                          :P:All:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuituina                           :P:Ess:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduin                            :P:Ins:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuiduitta                          :P:Abe:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokuituine                           :P:Kom:                   uusiokuitu
uusiokäyttö                             :S:Nom:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytön                             :S:Gen:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäyttöä                            :S:Par:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytössä                           :S:Ine:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöstä                           :S:Ela:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäyttöön                           :S:Ill:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöllä                           :S:Ade:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöltä                           :S:Abl:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytölle                           :S:All:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäyttönä                           :S:Ess:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöksi                           :S:Tra:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöttä                           :S:Abe:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöt                             :P:Nom:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäyttöjen                          :P:Gen:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäyttöjä                           :P:Par:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöissä                          :P:Ine:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöistä                          :P:Ela:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäyttöihin                         :P:Ill:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöillä                          :P:Ade:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöille                          :P:All:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäyttöinä                          :P:Ess:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöin                            :P:Ins:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäytöittä                          :P:Abe:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiokäyttöine                          :P:Kom:                   uusiokäyttö
uusiomassa                              :S:Nom:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassan                             :S:Gen:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassaa                             :S:Par:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassassa                           :S:Ine:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassasta                           :S:Ela:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassaan                            :S:Ill:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassalla                           :S:Ade:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassalta                           :S:Abl:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassalle                           :S:All:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassana                            :S:Ess:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassatta                           :S:Abe:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassat                             :P:Nom:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassojen                           :P:Gen:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassain                            :P:Gen:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoja                            :P:Par:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoista                          :P:Ela:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoille                          :P:All:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoina                           :P:Ess:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoin                            :P:Ins:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uusiomassa
uusiomassoine                           :P:Kom:                   uusiomassa
uusiomuovi                              :S:Nom:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovin                             :S:Gen:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovia                             :S:Par:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovissa                           :S:Ine:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovista                           :S:Ela:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoviin                            :S:Ill:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovilla                           :S:Ade:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovilta                           :S:Abl:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoville                           :S:All:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovina                            :S:Ess:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoviksi                           :S:Tra:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovitta                           :S:Abe:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovit                             :P:Nom:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovien                            :P:Gen:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveja                            :P:Par:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveissa                          :P:Ine:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveista                          :P:Ela:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveihin                          :P:Ill:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveilla                          :P:Ade:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveilta                          :P:Abl:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveille                          :P:All:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveina                           :P:Ess:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuovein                            :P:Ins:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveitta                          :P:Abe:                   uusiomuovi
uusiomuoveine                           :P:Kom:                   uusiomuovi
uusiopahvi                              :S:Nom:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvin                             :S:Gen:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvia                             :S:Par:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvissa                           :S:Ine:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvista                           :S:Ela:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahviin                            :S:Ill:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvilla                           :S:Ade:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvilta                           :S:Abl:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahville                           :S:All:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvina                            :S:Ess:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahviksi                           :S:Tra:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvitta                           :S:Abe:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvit                             :P:Nom:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvien                            :P:Gen:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveja                            :P:Par:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveissa                          :P:Ine:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveista                          :P:Ela:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveihin                          :P:Ill:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveilla                          :P:Ade:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveilta                          :P:Abl:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveille                          :P:All:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveina                           :P:Ess:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahvein                            :P:Ins:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveitta                          :P:Abe:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopahveine                           :P:Kom:                   uusiopahvi
uusiopaperi                             :S:Nom:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperin                            :S:Gen:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperia                            :S:Par:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperissa                          :S:Ine:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperista                          :S:Ela:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperiin                           :S:Ill:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperilla                          :S:Ade:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperilta                          :S:Abl:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperille                          :S:All:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperina                           :S:Ess:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperiksi                          :S:Tra:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperitta                          :S:Abe:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperit                            :P:Nom:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperien                           :P:Gen:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereiden                         :P:Gen:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereitten                        :P:Gen:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereja                           :P:Par:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereita                          :P:Par:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereissa                         :P:Ine:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereista                         :P:Ela:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereihin                         :P:Ill:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereilla                         :P:Ade:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereilta                         :P:Abl:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereille                         :P:All:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereina                          :P:Ess:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopaperein                           :P:Ins:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereitta                         :P:Abe:                   uusiopaperi
uusiopapereine                          :P:Kom:                   uusiopaperi
uusioraaka-aine                         :S:Nom:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineen                       :S:Gen:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-ainetta                      :S:Par:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineessa                     :S:Ine:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineesta                     :S:Ela:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineeseen                    :S:Ill:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineella                     :S:Ade:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineelta                     :S:Abl:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineelle                     :S:All:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineena                      :S:Ess:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineeksi                     :S:Tra:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineetta                     :S:Abe:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineet                       :P:Nom:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineiden                     :P:Gen:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineitten                    :P:Gen:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineita                      :P:Par:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineissa                     :P:Ine:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineista                     :P:Ela:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineisiin                    :P:Ill:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineihin                     :P:Ill:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineilla                     :P:Ade:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineilta                     :P:Abl:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineille                     :P:All:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineina                      :P:Ess:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-ainein                       :P:Ins:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineitta                     :P:Abe:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusioraaka-aineine                      :P:Kom:                   uusioraaka-aine
uusiotuote                              :S:Nom:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteen                           :S:Gen:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotetta                           :S:Par:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteessa                         :S:Ine:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteesta                         :S:Ela:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteella                         :S:Ade:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteelta                         :S:Abl:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteelle                         :S:All:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteena                          :S:Ess:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteetta                         :S:Abe:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteet                           :P:Nom:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteiden                         :P:Gen:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuoteitten                         :P:Gen:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteita                          :P:Par:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteissa                         :P:Ine:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteista                         :P:Ela:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteihin                         :P:Ill:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteilla                         :P:Ade:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteilta                         :P:Abl:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteille                         :P:All:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteina                          :P:Ess:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuottein                           :P:Ins:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteitta                         :P:Abe:                   uusiotuote
uusiotuotteine                          :P:Kom:                   uusiotuote
uusiseelantilainen                      :S:Nom:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisen                      :S:Gen:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaista                      :S:Par:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisessa                    :S:Ine:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisesta                    :S:Ela:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaiseen                     :S:Ill:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisella                    :S:Ade:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaiselta                    :S:Abl:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaiselle                    :S:All:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisena                     :S:Ess:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaiseksi                    :S:Tra:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisetta                    :S:Abe:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaiset                      :P:Nom:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisten                     :P:Gen:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisin                      :P:Gen:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisia                      :P:Par:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisissa                    :P:Ine:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisista                    :P:Ela:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisilla                    :P:Ade:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisilta                    :P:Abl:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisille                    :P:All:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisina                     :P:Ess:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisin                      :P:Ins:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisitta                    :P:Abe:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusiseelantilaisine                     :P:Kom:                   uusiseelantilainen
uusitestamentillinen                    :S:Nom:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisen                    :S:Gen:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillista                    :S:Par:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisessa                  :S:Ine:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisesta                  :S:Ela:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentilliseen                   :S:Ill:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisella                  :S:Ade:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentilliselta                  :S:Abl:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentilliselle                  :S:All:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisena                   :S:Ess:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentilliseksi                  :S:Tra:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisetta                  :S:Abe:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentilliset                    :P:Nom:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisten                   :P:Gen:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisin                    :P:Gen:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisia                    :P:Par:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisissa                  :P:Ine:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisista                  :P:Ela:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisiin                   :P:Ill:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisilla                  :P:Ade:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisilta                  :P:Abl:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisille                  :P:All:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisina                   :P:Ess:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisiksi                  :P:Tra:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisin                    :P:Ins:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisitta                  :P:Abe:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusitestamentillisine                   :P:Kom:                   uusitestamentillinen
uusiudun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uusiutua
uusiudut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiudumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiudutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiudutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiudu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiuduin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uusiutua
uusiuduit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiuduimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiuduitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiutunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uusiutua
uusiutunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiutunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiutunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiutuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uusiutua
uusiutuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiutuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiutuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiutukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiutukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiudu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutua                                :Inf1:                    uusiutua
uusiutuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uusiutua
uusiutuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uusiutua
uusiuduttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uusiutua
uusiutuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uusiutua
uusiutumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uusiutua
uusiutumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uusiutua
uusiutumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uusiutua
uusiutumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uusiutua
uusiutumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uusiutua
uusiutuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uusiutua
uusiuduttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uusiutua
uusiutuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uusiutua
uusiutumista                            :Inf4:Par:                uusiutua
uusiutumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uusiutua
uusiutuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uusiutua
uusiuduttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutuma                               :Cip:Age:                 uusiutua
uusiutumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uusiutua
uusiutunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiutuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uusiutua
uusiuduttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uusiutua
uusiutumiskyky                          :S:Nom:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyn                         :S:Gen:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskykyä                         :S:Par:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyssä                       :S:Ine:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvystä                       :S:Ela:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskykyyn                        :S:Ill:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyllä                       :S:Ade:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyltä                       :S:Abl:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvylle                       :S:All:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskykynä                        :S:Ess:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyksi                       :S:Tra:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyttä                       :S:Abe:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyt                         :P:Nom:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskykyjen                       :P:Gen:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskykyjä                        :P:Par:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyissä                      :P:Ine:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyistä                      :P:Ela:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskykyihin                      :P:Ill:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyillä                      :P:Ade:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyille                      :P:All:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskykyinä                       :P:Ess:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyin                        :P:Ins:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskyvyittä                      :P:Abe:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumiskykyine                       :P:Kom:                   uusiutumiskyky
uusiutumistaipumus                      :S:Nom:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksen                   :S:Gen:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumusta                    :S:Par:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksessa                 :S:Ine:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksesta                 :S:Ela:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumukseen                  :S:Ill:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksella                 :S:Ade:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumukselta                 :S:Abl:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumukselle                 :S:All:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksena                  :S:Ess:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumukseksi                 :S:Tra:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksetta                 :S:Abe:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumukset                   :P:Nom:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumusten                   :P:Gen:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksien                  :P:Gen:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksia                   :P:Par:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksista                 :P:Ela:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksille                 :P:All:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksina                  :P:Ess:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksin                   :P:Ins:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusiutumistaipumuksine                  :P:Kom:                   uusiutumistaipumus
uusivuosi                               :S:Nom:                   uusivuosi
uudenvuoden                             :S:Gen:                   uusivuosi
uuttavuotta                             :S:Par:                   uusivuosi
uudessavuodessa                         :S:Ine:                   uusivuosi
uudestavuodesta                         :S:Ela:                   uusivuosi
uuteenvuoteen                           :S:Ill:                   uusivuosi
uudellavuodella                         :S:Ade:                   uusivuosi
uudeltavuodelta                         :S:Abl:                   uusivuosi
uudellevuodelle                         :S:All:                   uusivuosi
uutenavuotena                           :S:Ess:                   uusivuosi
uudeksivuodeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uusivuosi
uudettavuodetta                         :S:Abe:                   uusivuosi
uudetvuodet                             :P:Nom:                   uusivuosi
uusienvuosien                           :P:Gen:                   uusivuosi
uusiavuosia                             :P:Par:                   uusivuosi
uusissavuosissa                         :P:Ine:                   uusivuosi
uusistavuosista                         :P:Ela:                   uusivuosi
uusiinvuosiin                           :P:Ill:                   uusivuosi
uusillavuosilla                         :P:Ade:                   uusivuosi
uusiltavuosilta                         :P:Abl:                   uusivuosi
uusillevuosille                         :P:All:                   uusivuosi
uusinavuosina                           :P:Ess:                   uusivuosi
uusiksivuosiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uusivuosi
uusiinvuosiin                           :P:Ins:                   uusivuosi
uusittavuositta                         :P:Abe:                   uusivuosi
uusinevuosine                           :P:Kom:                   uusivuosi
uusjako                                 :S:Nom:                   uusjako
uusjaon                                 :S:Gen:                   uusjako
uusjakoa                                :S:Par:                   uusjako
uusjaossa                               :S:Ine:                   uusjako
uusjaosta                               :S:Ela:                   uusjako
uusjakoon                               :S:Ill:                   uusjako
uusjaolla                               :S:Ade:                   uusjako
uusjaolta                               :S:Abl:                   uusjako
uusjaolle                               :S:All:                   uusjako
uusjakona                               :S:Ess:                   uusjako
uusjaoksi                               :S:Tra:                   uusjako
uusjaotta                               :S:Abe:                   uusjako
uusjaot                                 :P:Nom:                   uusjako
uusjakojen                              :P:Gen:                   uusjako
uusjakoja                               :P:Par:                   uusjako
uusjaoissa                              :P:Ine:                   uusjako
uusjaoista                              :P:Ela:                   uusjako
uusjakoihin                             :P:Ill:                   uusjako
uusjaoilla                              :P:Ade:                   uusjako
uusjaoilta                              :P:Abl:                   uusjako
uusjaoille                              :P:All:                   uusjako
uusjakoina                              :P:Ess:                   uusjako
uusjaoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   uusjako
uusjaoin                                :P:Ins:                   uusjako
uusjaoitta                              :P:Abe:                   uusjako
uusjakoine                              :P:Kom:                   uusjako
uusklassinen                            :S:Nom:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisen                            :S:Gen:                   uusklassinen
uusklassista                            :S:Par:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisessa                          :S:Ine:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisesta                          :S:Ela:                   uusklassinen
uusklassiseen                           :S:Ill:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisella                          :S:Ade:                   uusklassinen
uusklassiselta                          :S:Abl:                   uusklassinen
uusklassiselle                          :S:All:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisena                           :S:Ess:                   uusklassinen
uusklassiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisetta                          :S:Abe:                   uusklassinen
uusklassiset                            :P:Nom:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisten                           :P:Gen:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisin                            :P:Gen:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisia                            :P:Par:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisissa                          :P:Ine:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisista                          :P:Ela:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisiin                           :P:Ill:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisilla                          :P:Ade:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisilta                          :P:Abl:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisille                          :P:All:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisina                           :P:Ess:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisin                            :P:Ins:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisitta                          :P:Abe:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisine                           :P:Kom:                   uusklassinen
uusklassisismi                          :S:Nom:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismin                         :S:Gen:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismia                         :S:Par:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismissa                       :S:Ine:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismista                       :S:Ela:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismiin                        :S:Ill:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismilla                       :S:Ade:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismilta                       :S:Abl:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismille                       :S:All:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismina                        :S:Ess:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismiksi                       :S:Tra:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismitta                       :S:Abe:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismit                         :P:Nom:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismien                        :P:Gen:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeja                        :P:Par:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeissa                      :P:Ine:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeista                      :P:Ela:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeihin                      :P:Ill:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeilla                      :P:Ade:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeilta                      :P:Abl:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeille                      :P:All:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeina                       :P:Ess:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismein                        :P:Ins:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeitta                      :P:Abe:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisismeine                       :P:Kom:                   uusklassisismi
uusklassisuus                           :S:Nom:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuutta                         :S:Par:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuudelle                       :S:All:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksille                      :P:All:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   uusklassisuus
uusklassisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   uusklassisuus
uuskolonialismi                         :S:Nom:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismin                        :S:Gen:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismia                        :S:Par:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismissa                      :S:Ine:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismista                      :S:Ela:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismiin                       :S:Ill:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismilla                      :S:Ade:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismilta                      :S:Abl:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismille                      :S:All:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismina                       :S:Ess:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismiksi                      :S:Tra:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismitta                      :S:Abe:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismit                        :P:Nom:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismien                       :P:Gen:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeja                       :P:Par:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeissa                     :P:Ine:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeista                     :P:Ela:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeihin                     :P:Ill:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeilla                     :P:Ade:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeilta                     :P:Abl:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeille                     :P:All:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeina                      :P:Ess:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismein                       :P:Ins:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeitta                     :P:Abe:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskolonialismeine                      :P:Kom:                   uuskolonialismi
uuskritiikki                            :S:Nom:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikin                            :S:Gen:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikkiä                           :S:Par:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikissä                          :S:Ine:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikistä                          :S:Ela:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikkiin                          :S:Ill:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikillä                          :S:Ade:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikiltä                          :S:Abl:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikille                          :S:All:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikkinä                          :S:Ess:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikiksi                          :S:Tra:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikittä                          :S:Abe:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikit                            :P:Nom:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikkien                          :P:Gen:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikkejä                          :P:Par:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikeissä                         :P:Ine:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikeistä                         :P:Ela:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikkeihin                        :P:Ill:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikeillä                         :P:Ade:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikeille                         :P:All:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikkeinä                         :P:Ess:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikein                           :P:Ins:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikeittä                         :P:Abe:                   uuskritiikki
uuskritiikkeine                         :P:Kom:                   uuskritiikki
uuskäyttö                               :S:Nom:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytön                               :S:Gen:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäyttöä                              :S:Par:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytössä                             :S:Ine:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöstä                             :S:Ela:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäyttöön                             :S:Ill:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöllä                             :S:Ade:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöltä                             :S:Abl:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytölle                             :S:All:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäyttönä                             :S:Ess:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöksi                             :S:Tra:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöttä                             :S:Abe:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöt                               :P:Nom:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäyttöjen                            :P:Gen:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäyttöjä                             :P:Par:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöissä                            :P:Ine:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöistä                            :P:Ela:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäyttöihin                           :P:Ill:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöillä                            :P:Ade:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöiltä                            :P:Abl:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöille                            :P:All:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäyttöinä                            :P:Ess:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöin                              :P:Ins:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäytöittä                            :P:Abe:                   uuskäyttö
uuskäyttöine                            :P:Kom:                   uuskäyttö
uusköyhälistö                           :S:Nom:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistön                          :S:Gen:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöä                          :S:Par:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistössä                        :S:Ine:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöstä                        :S:Ela:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöön                         :S:Ill:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöllä                        :S:Ade:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöltä                        :S:Abl:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistölle                        :S:All:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistönä                         :S:Ess:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöksi                        :S:Tra:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöttä                        :S:Abe:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöt                          :P:Nom:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöjen                        :P:Gen:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöjä                         :P:Par:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöissä                       :P:Ine:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöistä                       :P:Ela:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöihin                       :P:Ill:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöillä                       :P:Ade:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöiltä                       :P:Abl:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöille                       :P:All:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöinä                        :P:Ess:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöin                         :P:Ins:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöittä                       :P:Abe:                   uusköyhälistö
uusköyhälistöine                        :P:Kom:                   uusköyhälistö
uuslukutaidottomuus                     :S:Nom:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuden                   :S:Gen:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuutta                   :S:Par:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuudessa                 :S:Ine:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuudesta                 :S:Ela:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuteen                  :S:Ill:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuudella                 :S:Ade:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuudelta                 :S:Abl:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuudelle                 :S:All:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuutena                  :S:Ess:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuudeksi                 :S:Tra:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuutta                   :S:Abe:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuudet                   :P:Nom:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksien                 :P:Gen:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksia                  :P:Par:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksissa                :P:Ine:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksista                :P:Ela:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksiin                 :P:Ill:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksilla                :P:Ade:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksilta                :P:Abl:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksille                :P:All:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksina                 :P:Ess:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksiksi                :P:Tra:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksin                  :P:Ins:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksitta                :P:Abe:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uuslukutaidottomuuksine                 :P:Kom:                   uuslukutaidottomuus
uusmerkintä                             :S:Nom:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnän                            :S:Gen:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintää                            :S:Par:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnässä                          :S:Ine:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnästä                          :S:Ela:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintään                           :S:Ill:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnällä                          :S:Ade:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnältä                          :S:Abl:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnälle                          :S:All:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintänä                           :S:Ess:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnäksi                          :S:Tra:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnättä                          :S:Abe:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnät                            :P:Nom:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintöjen                          :P:Gen:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintäin                           :P:Gen:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintöjä                           :P:Par:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnöissä                         :P:Ine:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnöistä                         :P:Ela:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintöihin                         :P:Ill:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnöillä                         :P:Ade:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnöille                         :P:All:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintöinä                          :P:Ess:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnöin                           :P:Ins:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkinnöittä                         :P:Abe:                   uusmerkintä
uusmerkintöine                          :P:Kom:                   uusmerkintä
uusnatsi                                :S:Nom:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsin                               :S:Gen:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsia                               :S:Par:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsissa                             :S:Ine:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsista                             :S:Ela:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsiin                              :S:Ill:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsilla                             :S:Ade:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsilta                             :S:Abl:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsille                             :S:All:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsina                              :S:Ess:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsiksi                             :S:Tra:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsitta                             :S:Abe:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsit                               :P:Nom:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsien                              :P:Gen:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseja                              :P:Par:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseissa                            :P:Ine:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseista                            :P:Ela:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseihin                            :P:Ill:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseilla                            :P:Ade:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseilta                            :P:Abl:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseille                            :P:All:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseina                             :P:Ess:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsein                              :P:Ins:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseitta                            :P:Abe:                   uusnatsi
uusnatseine                             :P:Kom:                   uusnatsi
uusnatsismi                             :S:Nom:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismin                            :S:Gen:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismia                            :S:Par:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismissa                          :S:Ine:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismista                          :S:Ela:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismiin                           :S:Ill:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismilla                          :S:Ade:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismilta                          :S:Abl:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismille                          :S:All:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismina                           :S:Ess:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismiksi                          :S:Tra:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismitta                          :S:Abe:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismit                            :P:Nom:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismien                           :P:Gen:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeja                           :P:Par:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeissa                         :P:Ine:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeista                         :P:Ela:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeihin                         :P:Ill:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeilla                         :P:Ade:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeilta                         :P:Abl:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeille                         :P:All:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeina                          :P:Ess:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismein                           :P:Ins:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeitta                         :P:Abe:                   uusnatsismi
uusnatsismeine                          :P:Kom:                   uusnatsismi
uuspakanuus                             :S:Nom:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuden                           :S:Gen:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuutta                           :S:Par:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuudessa                         :S:Ine:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuudesta                         :S:Ela:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuteen                          :S:Ill:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuudella                         :S:Ade:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuudelta                         :S:Abl:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuudelle                         :S:All:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuutena                          :S:Ess:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuutta                           :S:Abe:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuudet                           :P:Nom:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksien                         :P:Gen:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksia                          :P:Par:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksista                        :P:Ela:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksille                        :P:All:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksina                         :P:Ess:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksin                          :P:Ins:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   uuspakanuus
uuspakanuuksine                         :P:Kom:                   uuspakanuus
uusperhe                                :S:Nom:                   uusperhe
uusperheen                              :S:Gen:                   uusperhe
uusperhettä                             :S:Par:                   uusperhe
uusperheessä                            :S:Ine:                   uusperhe
uusperheestä                            :S:Ela:                   uusperhe
uusperheeseen                           :S:Ill:                   uusperhe
uusperheellä                            :S:Ade:                   uusperhe
uusperheeltä                            :S:Abl:                   uusperhe
uusperheelle                            :S:All:                   uusperhe
uusperheenä                             :S:Ess:                   uusperhe
uusperheeksi                            :S:Tra:                   uusperhe
uusperheettä                            :S:Abe:                   uusperhe
uusperheet                              :P:Nom:                   uusperhe
uusperheiden                            :P:Gen:                   uusperhe
uusperheitten                           :P:Gen:                   uusperhe
uusperheitä                             :P:Par:                   uusperhe
uusperheissä                            :P:Ine:                   uusperhe
uusperheistä                            :P:Ela:                   uusperhe
uusperheisiin                           :P:Ill:                   uusperhe
uusperheihin                            :P:Ill:                   uusperhe
uusperheillä                            :P:Ade:                   uusperhe
uusperheiltä                            :P:Abl:                   uusperhe
uusperheille                            :P:All:                   uusperhe
uusperheinä                             :P:Ess:                   uusperhe
uusperheiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uusperhe
uusperhein                              :P:Ins:                   uusperhe
uusperheittä                            :P:Abe:                   uusperhe
uusperheine                             :P:Kom:                   uusperhe
uusrahvaanomainen                       :S:Nom:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisen                       :S:Gen:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaista                       :S:Par:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisessa                     :S:Ine:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisesta                     :S:Ela:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaiseen                      :S:Ill:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisella                     :S:Ade:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaiselta                     :S:Abl:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaiselle                     :S:All:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisena                      :S:Ess:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaiseksi                     :S:Tra:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisetta                     :S:Abe:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaiset                       :P:Nom:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisten                      :P:Gen:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisin                       :P:Gen:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisia                       :P:Par:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisissa                     :P:Ine:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisista                     :P:Ela:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisiin                      :P:Ill:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisilla                     :P:Ade:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisilta                     :P:Abl:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisille                     :P:All:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisina                      :P:Ess:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisin                       :P:Ins:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisitta                     :P:Abe:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisine                      :P:Kom:                   uusrahvaanomainen
uusrahvaanomaisuus                      :S:Nom:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuden                    :S:Gen:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuutta                    :S:Par:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuudessa                  :S:Ine:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuudesta                  :S:Ela:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuteen                   :S:Ill:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuudella                  :S:Ade:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuudelta                  :S:Abl:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuudelle                  :S:All:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuutena                   :S:Ess:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuudeksi                  :S:Tra:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuutta                    :S:Abe:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuudet                    :P:Nom:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksien                  :P:Gen:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksia                   :P:Par:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksista                 :P:Ela:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksille                 :P:All:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksina                  :P:Ess:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksin                   :P:Ins:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrahvaanomaisuuksine                  :P:Kom:                   uusrahvaanomaisuus
uusrealismi                             :S:Nom:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismin                            :S:Gen:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismia                            :S:Par:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismissa                          :S:Ine:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismista                          :S:Ela:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismiin                           :S:Ill:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismilla                          :S:Ade:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismilta                          :S:Abl:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismille                          :S:All:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismina                           :S:Ess:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismiksi                          :S:Tra:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismitta                          :S:Abe:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismit                            :P:Nom:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismien                           :P:Gen:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeja                           :P:Par:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeissa                         :P:Ine:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeista                         :P:Ela:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeihin                         :P:Ill:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeilla                         :P:Ade:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeilta                         :P:Abl:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeille                         :P:All:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeina                          :P:Ess:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismein                           :P:Ins:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeitta                         :P:Abe:                   uusrealismi
uusrealismeine                          :P:Kom:                   uusrealismi
uusrenessanssi                          :S:Nom:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssin                         :S:Gen:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssia                         :S:Par:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssissa                       :S:Ine:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssista                       :S:Ela:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssiin                        :S:Ill:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssilla                       :S:Ade:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssilta                       :S:Abl:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssille                       :S:All:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssina                        :S:Ess:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssiksi                       :S:Tra:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssitta                       :S:Abe:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssit                         :P:Nom:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssien                        :P:Gen:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseja                        :P:Par:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseissa                      :P:Ine:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseista                      :P:Ela:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseihin                      :P:Ill:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseilla                      :P:Ade:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseilta                      :P:Abl:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseille                      :P:All:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseina                       :P:Ess:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessanssein                        :P:Ins:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseitta                      :P:Abe:                   uusrenessanssi
uusrenessansseine                       :P:Kom:                   uusrenessanssi
uusromantiikka                          :S:Nom:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikan                          :S:Gen:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkaa                         :S:Par:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikassa                        :S:Ine:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikasta                        :S:Ela:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkaan                        :S:Ill:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikalla                        :S:Ade:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikalta                        :S:Abl:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikalle                        :S:All:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkana                        :S:Ess:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikaksi                        :S:Tra:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikatta                        :S:Abe:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikat                          :P:Nom:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkojen                       :P:Gen:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkain                        :P:Gen:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkoja                        :P:Par:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikoissa                       :P:Ine:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikoista                       :P:Ela:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkoihin                      :P:Ill:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikoilla                       :P:Ade:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikoilta                       :P:Abl:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikoille                       :P:All:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkoina                       :P:Ess:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikoin                         :P:Ins:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikoitta                       :P:Abe:                   uusromantiikka
uusromantiikkoine                       :P:Kom:                   uusromantiikka
uusromanttinen                          :S:Nom:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisen                          :S:Gen:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttista                          :S:Par:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisessa                        :S:Ine:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisesta                        :S:Ela:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttiseen                         :S:Ill:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisella                        :S:Ade:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttiselta                        :S:Abl:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttiselle                        :S:All:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisena                         :S:Ess:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisetta                        :S:Abe:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttiset                          :P:Nom:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisten                         :P:Gen:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisin                          :P:Gen:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisia                          :P:Par:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisissa                        :P:Ine:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisista                        :P:Ela:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisilla                        :P:Ade:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisilta                        :P:Abl:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisille                        :P:All:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisina                         :P:Ess:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisin                          :P:Ins:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisitta                        :P:Abe:                   uusromanttinen
uusromanttisine                         :P:Kom:                   uusromanttinen
uusvanha                                :S:Nom:                   uusvanha
uusvanhan                               :S:Gen:                   uusvanha
uusvanhaa                               :S:Par:                   uusvanha
uusvanhassa                             :S:Ine:                   uusvanha
uusvanhasta                             :S:Ela:                   uusvanha
uusvanhaan                              :S:Ill:                   uusvanha
uusvanhalla                             :S:Ade:                   uusvanha
uusvanhalta                             :S:Abl:                   uusvanha
uusvanhalle                             :S:All:                   uusvanha
uusvanhana                              :S:Ess:                   uusvanha
uusvanhaksi                             :S:Tra:                   uusvanha
uusvanhatta                             :S:Abe:                   uusvanha
uusvanhat                               :P:Nom:                   uusvanha
uusvanhojen                             :P:Gen:                   uusvanha
uusvanhain                              :P:Gen:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoja                              :P:Par:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoissa                            :P:Ine:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoista                            :P:Ela:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoihin                            :P:Ill:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoilla                            :P:Ade:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoilta                            :P:Abl:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoille                            :P:All:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoina                             :P:Ess:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoin                              :P:Ins:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoitta                            :P:Abe:                   uusvanha
uusvanhoine                             :P:Kom:                   uusvanha
uusvienti                               :S:Nom:                   uusvienti
uusviennin                              :S:Gen:                   uusvienti
uusvientiä                              :S:Par:                   uusvienti
uusviennissä                            :S:Ine:                   uusvienti
uusviennistä                            :S:Ela:                   uusvienti
uusvientiin                             :S:Ill:                   uusvienti
uusviennillä                            :S:Ade:                   uusvienti
uusvienniltä                            :S:Abl:                   uusvienti
uusviennille                            :S:All:                   uusvienti
uusvientinä                             :S:Ess:                   uusvienti
uusvienniksi                            :S:Tra:                   uusvienti
uusviennittä                            :S:Abe:                   uusvienti
uusviennit                              :P:Nom:                   uusvienti
uusvientien                             :P:Gen:                   uusvienti
uusvientejä                             :P:Par:                   uusvienti
uusvienneissä                           :P:Ine:                   uusvienti
uusvienneistä                           :P:Ela:                   uusvienti
uusvienteihin                           :P:Ill:                   uusvienti
uusvienneillä                           :P:Ade:                   uusvienti
uusvienneiltä                           :P:Abl:                   uusvienti
uusvienneille                           :P:All:                   uusvienti
uusvienteinä                            :P:Ess:                   uusvienti
uusvienneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uusvienti
uusviennein                             :P:Ins:                   uusvienti
uusvienneittä                           :P:Abe:                   uusvienti
uusvienteine                            :P:Kom:                   uusvienti
uute                                    :S:Nom:                   uute
uutteen                                 :S:Gen:                   uute
uutetta                                 :S:Par:                   uute
uutteessa                               :S:Ine:                   uute
uutteesta                               :S:Ela:                   uute
uutteeseen                              :S:Ill:                   uute
uutteella                               :S:Ade:                   uute
uutteelta                               :S:Abl:                   uute
uutteelle                               :S:All:                   uute
uutteena                                :S:Ess:                   uute
uutteeksi                               :S:Tra:                   uute
uutteetta                               :S:Abe:                   uute
uutteet                                 :P:Nom:                   uute
uutteiden                               :P:Gen:                   uute
uuteitten                               :P:Gen:                   uute
uutteita                                :P:Par:                   uute
uutteissa                               :P:Ine:                   uute
uutteista                               :P:Ela:                   uute
uutteisiin                              :P:Ill:                   uute
uutteihin                               :P:Ill:                   uute
uutteilla                               :P:Ade:                   uute
uutteilta                               :P:Abl:                   uute
uutteille                               :P:All:                   uute
uutteina                                :P:Ess:                   uute
uutteiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uute
uuttein                                 :P:Ins:                   uute
uutteitta                               :P:Abe:                   uute
uutteine                                :P:Kom:                   uute
uutinen                                 :S:Nom:                   uutinen
uutisen                                 :S:Gen:                   uutinen
uutista                                 :S:Par:                   uutinen
uutisessa                               :S:Ine:                   uutinen
uutisesta                               :S:Ela:                   uutinen
uutiseen                                :S:Ill:                   uutinen
uutisella                               :S:Ade:                   uutinen
uutiselta                               :S:Abl:                   uutinen
uutiselle                               :S:All:                   uutinen
uutisena                                :S:Ess:                   uutinen
uutiseksi                               :S:Tra:                   uutinen
uutisetta                               :S:Abe:                   uutinen
uutiset                                 :P:Nom:                   uutinen
uutisten                                :P:Gen:                   uutinen
uutisin                                 :P:Gen:                   uutinen
uutisia                                 :P:Par:                   uutinen
uutisissa                               :P:Ine:                   uutinen
uutisista                               :P:Ela:                   uutinen
uutisiin                                :P:Ill:                   uutinen
uutisilla                               :P:Ade:                   uutinen
uutisilta                               :P:Abl:                   uutinen
uutisille                               :P:All:                   uutinen
uutisina                                :P:Ess:                   uutinen
uutisiksi                               :P:Tra:                   uutinen
uutisin                                 :P:Ins:                   uutinen
uutisitta                               :P:Abe:                   uutinen
uutisine                                :P:Kom:                   uutinen
uutisaineisto                           :S:Nom:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineiston                          :S:Gen:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoa                          :S:Par:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistossa                        :S:Ine:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistosta                        :S:Ela:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoon                         :S:Ill:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistolla                        :S:Ade:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistolta                        :S:Abl:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistolle                        :S:All:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistona                         :S:Ess:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoksi                        :S:Tra:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistotta                        :S:Abe:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistot                          :P:Nom:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistojen                        :P:Gen:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoiden                       :P:Gen:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoitten                      :P:Gen:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoja                         :P:Par:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoita                        :P:Par:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoissa                       :P:Ine:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoista                       :P:Ela:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoihin                       :P:Ill:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoilla                       :P:Ade:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoilta                       :P:Abl:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoille                       :P:All:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoina                        :P:Ess:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoin                         :P:Ins:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoitta                       :P:Abe:                   uutisaineisto
uutisaineistoine                        :P:Kom:                   uutisaineisto
uutisankka                              :S:Nom:                   uutisankka
uutisankan                              :S:Gen:                   uutisankka
uutisankkaa                             :S:Par:                   uutisankka
uutisankassa                            :S:Ine:                   uutisankka
uutisankasta                            :S:Ela:                   uutisankka
uutisankkaan                            :S:Ill:                   uutisankka
uutisankalla                            :S:Ade:                   uutisankka
uutisankalta                            :S:Abl:                   uutisankka
uutisankalle                            :S:All:                   uutisankka
uutisankkana                            :S:Ess:                   uutisankka
uutisankaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uutisankka
uutisankatta                            :S:Abe:                   uutisankka
uutisankat                              :P:Nom:                   uutisankka
uutisankkojen                           :P:Gen:                   uutisankka
uutisankkain                            :P:Gen:                   uutisankka
uutisankkoja                            :P:Par:                   uutisankka
uutisankoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uutisankka
uutisankoista                           :P:Ela:                   uutisankka
uutisankkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutisankka
uutisankoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uutisankka
uutisankoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uutisankka
uutisankoille                           :P:All:                   uutisankka
uutisankkoina                           :P:Ess:                   uutisankka
uutisankoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uutisankka
uutisankoin                             :P:Ins:                   uutisankka
uutisankoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uutisankka
uutisankkoine                           :P:Kom:                   uutisankka
uutisankkuri                            :S:Nom:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurin                           :S:Gen:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkuria                           :S:Par:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurissa                         :S:Ine:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurista                         :S:Ela:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkuriin                          :S:Ill:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurilla                         :S:Ade:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurilta                         :S:Abl:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurille                         :S:All:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurina                          :S:Ess:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkuriksi                         :S:Tra:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkuritta                         :S:Abe:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurit                           :P:Nom:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurien                          :P:Gen:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureiden                        :P:Gen:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureitten                       :P:Gen:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureja                          :P:Par:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureita                         :P:Par:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureissa                        :P:Ine:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureista                        :P:Ela:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureihin                        :P:Ill:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureilla                        :P:Ade:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureilta                        :P:Abl:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureille                        :P:All:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureina                         :P:Ess:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkurein                          :P:Ins:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureitta                        :P:Abe:                   uutisankkuri
uutisankkureine                         :P:Kom:                   uutisankkuri
uutisarvo                               :S:Nom:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvon                              :S:Gen:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoa                              :S:Par:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvossa                            :S:Ine:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvosta                            :S:Ela:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoon                             :S:Ill:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvolla                            :S:Ade:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvolta                            :S:Abl:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvolle                            :S:All:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvona                             :S:Ess:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoksi                            :S:Tra:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvotta                            :S:Abe:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvot                              :P:Nom:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvojen                            :P:Gen:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoja                             :P:Par:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoista                           :P:Ela:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoille                           :P:All:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoina                            :P:Ess:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoin                             :P:Ins:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uutisarvo
uutisarvoine                            :P:Kom:                   uutisarvo
uutisfilmi                              :S:Nom:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmin                             :S:Gen:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmiä                             :S:Par:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmissä                           :S:Ine:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmistä                           :S:Ela:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmiin                            :S:Ill:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmillä                           :S:Ade:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmiltä                           :S:Abl:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmille                           :S:All:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilminä                            :S:Ess:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmiksi                           :S:Tra:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmittä                           :S:Abe:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmit                             :P:Nom:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmien                            :P:Gen:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmejä                            :P:Par:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeissä                          :P:Ine:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeistä                          :P:Ela:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeillä                          :P:Ade:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeille                          :P:All:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeinä                           :P:Ess:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmein                            :P:Ins:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeittä                          :P:Abe:                   uutisfilmi
uutisfilmeine                           :P:Kom:                   uutisfilmi
uutiskatsaus                            :S:Nom:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksen                         :S:Gen:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsausta                          :S:Par:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksessa                       :S:Ine:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksesta                       :S:Ela:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsaukseen                        :S:Ill:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksella                       :S:Ade:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsaukselta                       :S:Abl:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsaukselle                       :S:All:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksena                        :S:Ess:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsaukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksetta                       :S:Abe:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsaukset                         :P:Nom:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsausten                         :P:Gen:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksien                        :P:Gen:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksia                         :P:Par:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksissa                       :P:Ine:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksista                       :P:Ela:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksilla                       :P:Ade:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksilta                       :P:Abl:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksille                       :P:All:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksina                        :P:Ess:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksin                         :P:Ins:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksitta                       :P:Abe:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskatsauksine                        :P:Kom:                   uutiskatsaus
uutiskuva                               :S:Nom:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvan                              :S:Gen:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvaa                              :S:Par:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvassa                            :S:Ine:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvasta                            :S:Ela:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvaan                             :S:Ill:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvalla                            :S:Ade:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvalta                            :S:Abl:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvalle                            :S:All:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvana                             :S:Ess:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvaksi                            :S:Tra:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvatta                            :S:Abe:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvat                              :P:Nom:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvien                             :P:Gen:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvain                             :P:Gen:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvia                              :P:Par:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvissa                            :P:Ine:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvista                            :P:Ela:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuviin                             :P:Ill:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvilla                            :P:Ade:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvilta                            :P:Abl:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuville                            :P:All:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvina                             :P:Ess:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuviksi                            :P:Tra:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvin                              :P:Ins:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvitta                            :P:Abe:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvine                             :P:Kom:                   uutiskuva
uutiskuvaaja                            :S:Nom:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajan                           :S:Gen:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajaa                           :S:Par:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajassa                         :S:Ine:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajasta                         :S:Ela:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajaan                          :S:Ill:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajalla                         :S:Ade:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajalta                         :S:Abl:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajalle                         :S:All:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajana                          :S:Ess:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajaksi                         :S:Tra:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajatta                         :S:Abe:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajat                           :P:Nom:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajien                          :P:Gen:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajain                          :P:Gen:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajia                           :P:Par:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajissa                         :P:Ine:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajista                         :P:Ela:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajiin                          :P:Ill:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajilla                         :P:Ade:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajilta                         :P:Abl:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajille                         :P:All:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajina                          :P:Ess:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajin                           :P:Ins:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajitta                         :P:Abe:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskuvaajine                          :P:Kom:                   uutiskuvaaja
uutiskynnys                             :S:Nom:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksen                          :S:Gen:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnystä                           :S:Par:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksessä                        :S:Ine:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksestä                        :S:Ela:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnykseen                         :S:Ill:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksellä                        :S:Ade:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnykseltä                        :S:Abl:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnykselle                        :S:All:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksenä                         :S:Ess:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnykseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksettä                        :S:Abe:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnykset                          :P:Nom:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnysten                          :P:Gen:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksien                         :P:Gen:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksiä                          :P:Par:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksille                        :P:All:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksin                          :P:Ins:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   uutiskynnys
uutiskynnyksine                         :P:Kom:                   uutiskynnys
uutisleipä                              :S:Nom:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivän                             :S:Gen:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipää                             :S:Par:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivässä                           :S:Ine:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivästä                           :S:Ela:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipään                            :S:Ill:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivällä                           :S:Ade:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivältä                           :S:Abl:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivälle                           :S:All:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipänä                            :S:Ess:                   uutisleipä
uutisleiväksi                           :S:Tra:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivättä                           :S:Abe:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivät                             :P:Nom:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipien                            :P:Gen:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipäin                            :P:Gen:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipiä                             :P:Par:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivissä                           :P:Ine:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivistä                           :P:Ela:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipiin                            :P:Ill:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivillä                           :P:Ade:                   uutisleipä
uutisleiviltä                           :P:Abl:                   uutisleipä
uutisleiville                           :P:All:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipinä                            :P:Ess:                   uutisleipä
uutisleiviksi                           :P:Tra:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivin                             :P:Ins:                   uutisleipä
uutisleivittä                           :P:Abe:                   uutisleipä
uutisleipine                            :P:Kom:                   uutisleipä
uutislähde                              :S:Nom:                   uutislähde
uutislähteen                            :S:Gen:                   uutislähde
uutislähdettä                           :S:Par:                   uutislähde
uutislähteessä                          :S:Ine:                   uutislähde
uutislähteestä                          :S:Ela:                   uutislähde
uutislähteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   uutislähde
uutislähteellä                          :S:Ade:                   uutislähde
uutislähteeltä                          :S:Abl:                   uutislähde
uutislähteelle                          :S:All:                   uutislähde
uutislähteenä                           :S:Ess:                   uutislähde
uutislähteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   uutislähde
uutislähteettä                          :S:Abe:                   uutislähde
uutislähteet                            :P:Nom:                   uutislähde
uutislähteiden                          :P:Gen:                   uutislähde
uutislähdeitten                         :P:Gen:                   uutislähde
uutislähteitä                           :P:Par:                   uutislähde
uutislähteissä                          :P:Ine:                   uutislähde
uutislähteistä                          :P:Ela:                   uutislähde
uutislähteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uutislähde
uutislähteihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutislähde
uutislähteillä                          :P:Ade:                   uutislähde
uutislähteiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uutislähde
uutislähteille                          :P:All:                   uutislähde
uutislähteinä                           :P:Ess:                   uutislähde
uutislähteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uutislähde
uutislähtein                            :P:Ins:                   uutislähde
uutislähteittä                          :P:Abe:                   uutislähde
uutislähteine                           :P:Kom:                   uutislähde
uutislähetys                            :S:Nom:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksen                         :S:Gen:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetystä                          :S:Par:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetykseen                        :S:Ill:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetykselle                       :S:All:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetykset                         :P:Nom:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetysten                         :P:Gen:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksien                        :P:Gen:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksiä                         :P:Par:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksille                       :P:All:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksin                         :P:Ins:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   uutislähetys
uutislähetyksine                        :P:Kom:                   uutislähetys
uutismotti                              :S:Nom:                   uutismotti
uutismotin                              :S:Gen:                   uutismotti
uutismottia                             :S:Par:                   uutismotti
uutismotissa                            :S:Ine:                   uutismotti
uutismotista                            :S:Ela:                   uutismotti
uutismottiin                            :S:Ill:                   uutismotti
uutismotilla                            :S:Ade:                   uutismotti
uutismotilta                            :S:Abl:                   uutismotti
uutismotille                            :S:All:                   uutismotti
uutismottina                            :S:Ess:                   uutismotti
uutismotiksi                            :S:Tra:                   uutismotti
uutismotitta                            :S:Abe:                   uutismotti
uutismotit                              :P:Nom:                   uutismotti
uutismottien                            :P:Gen:                   uutismotti
uutismotteja                            :P:Par:                   uutismotti
uutismoteissa                           :P:Ine:                   uutismotti
uutismoteista                           :P:Ela:                   uutismotti
uutismotteihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutismotti
uutismoteilla                           :P:Ade:                   uutismotti
uutismoteilta                           :P:Abl:                   uutismotti
uutismoteille                           :P:All:                   uutismotti
uutismotteina                           :P:Ess:                   uutismotti
uutismoteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uutismotti
uutismotein                             :P:Ins:                   uutismotti
uutismoteitta                           :P:Abe:                   uutismotti
uutismotteine                           :P:Kom:                   uutismotti
uutisnenä                               :S:Nom:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenän                              :S:Gen:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenää                              :S:Par:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenässä                            :S:Ine:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenästä                            :S:Ela:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenään                             :S:Ill:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenällä                            :S:Ade:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenältä                            :S:Abl:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenälle                            :S:All:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenänä                             :S:Ess:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenäksi                            :S:Tra:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenättä                            :S:Abe:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenät                              :P:Nom:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenien                             :P:Gen:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenäin                             :P:Gen:                   uutisnenä
uutisneniä                              :P:Par:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenissä                            :P:Ine:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenistä                            :P:Ela:                   uutisnenä
uutisneniin                             :P:Ill:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenillä                            :P:Ade:                   uutisnenä
uutisneniltä                            :P:Abl:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenille                            :P:All:                   uutisnenä
uutisneninä                             :P:Ess:                   uutisnenä
uutisneniksi                            :P:Tra:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenin                              :P:Ins:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenittä                            :P:Abe:                   uutisnenä
uutisnenine                             :P:Kom:                   uutisnenä
uutisnälkä                              :S:Nom:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälän                              :S:Gen:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkää                             :S:Par:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälässä                            :S:Ine:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälästä                            :S:Ela:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkään                            :S:Ill:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälällä                            :S:Ade:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälältä                            :S:Abl:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälälle                            :S:All:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkänä                            :S:Ess:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnäläksi                            :S:Tra:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälättä                            :S:Abe:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälät                              :P:Nom:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkien                            :P:Gen:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkäin                            :P:Gen:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkiä                             :P:Par:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälissä                            :P:Ine:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälistä                            :P:Ela:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkiin                            :P:Ill:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälillä                            :P:Ade:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnäliltä                            :P:Abl:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälille                            :P:All:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkinä                            :P:Ess:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnäliksi                            :P:Tra:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälin                              :P:Ins:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälittä                            :P:Abe:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkine                            :P:Kom:                   uutisnälkä
uutisnälkäinen                          :S:Nom:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisen                          :S:Gen:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäistä                          :S:Par:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisessä                        :S:Ine:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisestä                        :S:Ela:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäiseen                         :S:Ill:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisellä                        :S:Ade:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäiseltä                        :S:Abl:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäiselle                        :S:All:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisenä                         :S:Ess:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisettä                        :S:Abe:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäiset                          :P:Nom:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisten                         :P:Gen:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisin                          :P:Gen:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisiä                          :P:Par:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisissä                        :P:Ine:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisistä                        :P:Ela:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisillä                        :P:Ade:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisiltä                        :P:Abl:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisille                        :P:All:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisinä                         :P:Ess:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisin                          :P:Ins:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisittä                        :P:Abe:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisnälkäisine                         :P:Kom:                   uutisnälkäinen
uutisoin                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uutisoida
uutisoit                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoimme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoitte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoivat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoidaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoida                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutisoin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uutisoida
uutisoit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutisoinen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uutisoida
uutisoinet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoinee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoinemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoinette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoinevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutisoisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uutisoida
uutisoisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoisivat                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoikoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoikaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoikaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoikoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoiko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoida                               :Inf1:                    uutisoida
uutisoidakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  uutisoida
uutisoidessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uutisoida
uutisoitaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uutisoida
uutisoiden                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uutisoida
uutisoimassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uutisoida
uutisoimasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uutisoida
uutisoimaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uutisoida
uutisoimalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uutisoida
uutisoimatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uutisoida
uutisoiman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uutisoida
uutisoitaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uutisoida
uutisoiminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uutisoida
uutisoimista                            :Inf4:Par:                uutisoida
uutisoimaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uutisoida
uutisoiva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uutisoida
uutisoitava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoima                               :Cip:Age:                 uutisoida
uutisoimaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             uutisoida
uutisoinut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uutisoida
uutisoitu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uutisoida
uutispalvelu                            :S:Nom:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelun                           :S:Gen:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelua                           :S:Par:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelussa                         :S:Ine:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelusta                         :S:Ela:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluun                          :S:Ill:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelulla                         :S:Ade:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelulta                         :S:Abl:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelulle                         :S:All:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluna                          :S:Ess:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluksi                         :S:Tra:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelutta                         :S:Abe:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelut                           :P:Nom:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalvelujen                         :P:Gen:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluiden                        :P:Gen:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluitten                       :P:Gen:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluja                          :P:Par:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluita                         :P:Par:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluissa                        :P:Ine:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluista                        :P:Ela:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluihin                        :P:Ill:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluilla                        :P:Ade:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluilta                        :P:Abl:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluille                        :P:All:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluina                         :P:Ess:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluin                          :P:Ins:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluitta                        :P:Abe:                   uutispalvelu
uutispalveluine                         :P:Kom:                   uutispalvelu
uutispimennys                           :S:Nom:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksen                        :S:Gen:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennystä                         :S:Par:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennykseen                       :S:Ill:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennykselle                      :S:All:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennykset                        :P:Nom:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennysten                        :P:Gen:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksien                       :P:Gen:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksiä                        :P:Par:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksille                      :P:All:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksin                        :P:Ins:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   uutispimennys
uutispimennyksine                       :P:Kom:                   uutispimennys
uutispommi                              :S:Nom:                   uutispommi
uutispommin                             :S:Gen:                   uutispommi
uutispommia                             :S:Par:                   uutispommi
uutispommissa                           :S:Ine:                   uutispommi
uutispommista                           :S:Ela:                   uutispommi
uutispommiin                            :S:Ill:                   uutispommi
uutispommilla                           :S:Ade:                   uutispommi
uutispommilta                           :S:Abl:                   uutispommi
uutispommille                           :S:All:                   uutispommi
uutispommina                            :S:Ess:                   uutispommi
uutispommiksi                           :S:Tra:                   uutispommi
uutispommitta                           :S:Abe:                   uutispommi
uutispommit                             :P:Nom:                   uutispommi
uutispommien                            :P:Gen:                   uutispommi
uutispommeja                            :P:Par:                   uutispommi
uutispommeissa                          :P:Ine:                   uutispommi
uutispommeista                          :P:Ela:                   uutispommi
uutispommeihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutispommi
uutispommeilla                          :P:Ade:                   uutispommi
uutispommeilta                          :P:Abl:                   uutispommi
uutispommeille                          :P:All:                   uutispommi
uutispommeina                           :P:Ess:                   uutispommi
uutispommeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uutispommi
uutispommein                            :P:Ins:                   uutispommi
uutispommeitta                          :P:Abe:                   uutispommi
uutispommeine                           :P:Kom:                   uutispommi
uutispuuro                              :S:Nom:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuron                             :S:Gen:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroa                             :S:Par:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurossa                           :S:Ine:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurosta                           :S:Ela:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroon                            :S:Ill:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurolla                           :S:Ade:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurolta                           :S:Abl:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurolle                           :S:All:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurona                            :S:Ess:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroksi                           :S:Tra:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurotta                           :S:Abe:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurot                             :P:Nom:                   uutispuuro
uutispuurojen                           :P:Gen:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroja                            :P:Par:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroissa                          :P:Ine:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroista                          :P:Ela:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroilla                          :P:Ade:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroilta                          :P:Abl:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroille                          :P:All:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroina                           :P:Ess:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroin                            :P:Ins:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroitta                          :P:Abe:                   uutispuuro
uutispuuroine                           :P:Kom:                   uutispuuro
uutispäällikkö                          :S:Nom:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikön                          :S:Gen:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikköä                         :S:Par:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikössä                        :S:Ine:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköstä                        :S:Ela:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikköön                        :S:Ill:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköllä                        :S:Ade:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköltä                        :S:Abl:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikölle                        :S:All:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikkönä                        :S:Ess:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköksi                        :S:Tra:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköttä                        :S:Abe:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköt                          :P:Nom:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikköjen                       :P:Gen:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköiden                       :P:Gen:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköitten                      :P:Gen:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikköjä                        :P:Par:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköitä                        :P:Par:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköissä                       :P:Ine:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköistä                       :P:Ela:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikköihin                      :P:Ill:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköihin                       :P:Ill:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköillä                       :P:Ade:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköiltä                       :P:Abl:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköille                       :P:All:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäällikköinä                       :P:Ess:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköin                         :P:Ins:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköittä                       :P:Abe:                   uutispäällikkö
uutispäälliköine                        :P:Kom:                   uutispäällikkö
uutissulku                              :S:Nom:                   uutissulku
uutissulun                              :S:Gen:                   uutissulku
uutissulkua                             :S:Par:                   uutissulku
uutissulussa                            :S:Ine:                   uutissulku
uutissulusta                            :S:Ela:                   uutissulku
uutissulkuun                            :S:Ill:                   uutissulku
uutissululla                            :S:Ade:                   uutissulku
uutissululta                            :S:Abl:                   uutissulku
uutissululle                            :S:All:                   uutissulku
uutissulkuna                            :S:Ess:                   uutissulku
uutissuluksi                            :S:Tra:                   uutissulku
uutissulutta                            :S:Abe:                   uutissulku
uutissulut                              :P:Nom:                   uutissulku
uutissulkujen                           :P:Gen:                   uutissulku
uutissulkuja                            :P:Par:                   uutissulku
uutissuluissa                           :P:Ine:                   uutissulku
uutissuluista                           :P:Ela:                   uutissulku
uutissulkuihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutissulku
uutissuluilla                           :P:Ade:                   uutissulku
uutissuluilta                           :P:Abl:                   uutissulku
uutissuluille                           :P:All:                   uutissulku
uutissulkuina                           :P:Ess:                   uutissulku
uutissuluiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uutissulku
uutissuluin                             :P:Ins:                   uutissulku
uutissuluitta                           :P:Abe:                   uutissulku
uutissulkuine                           :P:Kom:                   uutissulku
uutissähke                              :S:Nom:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeen                            :S:Gen:                   uutissähke
uutissähkettä                           :S:Par:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeessä                          :S:Ine:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeestä                          :S:Ela:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeeseen                         :S:Ill:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeellä                          :S:Ade:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeeltä                          :S:Abl:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeelle                          :S:All:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeenä                           :S:Ess:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeeksi                          :S:Tra:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeettä                          :S:Abe:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeet                            :P:Nom:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeiden                          :P:Gen:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeitten                         :P:Gen:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeitä                           :P:Par:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeissä                          :P:Ine:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeistä                          :P:Ela:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeisiin                         :P:Ill:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeillä                          :P:Ade:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeiltä                          :P:Abl:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeille                          :P:All:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeinä                           :P:Ess:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uutissähke
uutissähkein                            :P:Ins:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeittä                          :P:Abe:                   uutissähke
uutissähkeine                           :P:Kom:                   uutissähke
uutistenlukija                          :S:Nom:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijan                         :S:Gen:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijaa                         :S:Par:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijassa                       :S:Ine:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijasta                       :S:Ela:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijaan                        :S:Ill:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijalla                       :S:Ade:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijalta                       :S:Abl:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijalle                       :S:All:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijana                        :S:Ess:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijaksi                       :S:Tra:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijatta                       :S:Abe:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijat                         :P:Nom:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoiden                      :P:Gen:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoitten                     :P:Gen:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijain                        :P:Gen:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoita                       :P:Par:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoissa                      :P:Ine:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoista                      :P:Ela:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoihin                      :P:Ill:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoilla                      :P:Ade:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoilta                      :P:Abl:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoille                      :P:All:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoina                       :P:Ess:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoin                        :P:Ins:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoitta                      :P:Abe:                   uutistenlukija
uutistenlukijoine                       :P:Kom:                   uutistenlukija
uutistoimisto                           :S:Nom:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimiston                          :S:Gen:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoa                          :S:Par:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistossa                        :S:Ine:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistosta                        :S:Ela:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoon                         :S:Ill:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistolla                        :S:Ade:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistolta                        :S:Abl:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistolle                        :S:All:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistona                         :S:Ess:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoksi                        :S:Tra:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistotta                        :S:Abe:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistot                          :P:Nom:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistojen                        :P:Gen:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoiden                       :P:Gen:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoitten                      :P:Gen:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoja                         :P:Par:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoita                        :P:Par:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoissa                       :P:Ine:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoista                       :P:Ela:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoihin                       :P:Ill:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoilla                       :P:Ade:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoilta                       :P:Abl:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoille                       :P:All:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoina                        :P:Ess:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoin                         :P:Ins:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoitta                       :P:Abe:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimistoine                        :P:Kom:                   uutistoimisto
uutistoimittaja                         :S:Nom:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajan                        :S:Gen:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajaa                        :S:Par:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajassa                      :S:Ine:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajasta                      :S:Ela:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajaan                       :S:Ill:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajalla                      :S:Ade:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajalta                      :S:Abl:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajalle                      :S:All:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajana                       :S:Ess:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajaksi                      :S:Tra:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajatta                      :S:Abe:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajat                        :P:Nom:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajien                       :P:Gen:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajain                       :P:Gen:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajia                        :P:Par:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajissa                      :P:Ine:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajista                      :P:Ela:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajiin                       :P:Ill:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajilla                      :P:Ade:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajilta                      :P:Abl:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajille                      :P:All:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajina                       :P:Ess:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajin                        :P:Ins:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajitta                      :P:Abe:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimittajine                       :P:Kom:                   uutistoimittaja
uutistoimitus                           :S:Nom:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksen                        :S:Gen:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimitusta                         :S:Par:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksessa                      :S:Ine:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksesta                      :S:Ela:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimitukseen                       :S:Ill:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksella                      :S:Ade:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimitukselta                      :S:Abl:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimitukselle                      :S:All:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksena                       :S:Ess:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimitukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksetta                      :S:Abe:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimitukset                        :P:Nom:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimitusten                        :P:Gen:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksien                       :P:Gen:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksia                        :P:Par:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksissa                      :P:Ine:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksista                      :P:Ela:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksiin                       :P:Ill:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksilla                      :P:Ade:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksilta                      :P:Abl:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksille                      :P:All:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksina                       :P:Ess:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksin                        :P:Ins:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksitta                      :P:Abe:                   uutistoimitus
uutistoimituksine                       :P:Kom:                   uutistoimitus
uutisvilja                              :S:Nom:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljan                             :S:Gen:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljaa                             :S:Par:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljassa                           :S:Ine:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljasta                           :S:Ela:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljaan                            :S:Ill:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljalla                           :S:Ade:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljalta                           :S:Abl:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljalle                           :S:All:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljana                            :S:Ess:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljaksi                           :S:Tra:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljatta                           :S:Abe:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljat                             :P:Nom:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljojen                           :P:Gen:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljain                            :P:Gen:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoja                            :P:Par:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoista                          :P:Ela:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoille                          :P:All:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoina                           :P:Ess:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoin                            :P:Ins:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uutisvilja
uutisviljoine                           :P:Kom:                   uutisvilja
uutisväline                             :S:Nom:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineen                           :S:Gen:                   uutisväline
uutisvälinettä                          :S:Par:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineessä                         :S:Ine:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineestä                         :S:Ela:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineeseen                        :S:Ill:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineellä                         :S:Ade:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineeltä                         :S:Abl:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineelle                         :S:All:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineenä                          :S:Ess:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineeksi                         :S:Tra:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineettä                         :S:Abe:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineet                           :P:Nom:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineiden                         :P:Gen:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineitten                        :P:Gen:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineitä                          :P:Par:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineissä                         :P:Ine:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineistä                         :P:Ela:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineisiin                        :P:Ill:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineihin                         :P:Ill:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineillä                         :P:Ade:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineille                         :P:All:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineinä                          :P:Ess:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uutisväline
uutisvälinein                           :P:Ins:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineittä                         :P:Abe:                   uutisväline
uutisvälineine                          :P:Kom:                   uutisväline
uutisvälitys                            :S:Nom:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksen                         :S:Gen:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälitystä                          :S:Par:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälitykseen                        :S:Ill:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälitykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälitykselle                       :S:All:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälitykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälitykset                         :P:Nom:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälitysten                         :P:Gen:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksien                        :P:Gen:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksiä                         :P:Par:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksille                       :P:All:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksin                         :P:Ins:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   uutisvälitys
uutisvälityksine                        :P:Kom:                   uutisvälitys
uutan                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuttaa
uutat                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uuttaa                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uutamme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uutatte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttavat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutetaan                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uuttaa
uuta                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuta                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuta                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuta                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuta                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuta                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuteta                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uutin                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uuttaa
uutit                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uutti                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uutimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uutitte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttivat                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uuttanen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuttaa
uuttanet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uuttanee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uuttanemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uuttanette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttanevat                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettaneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttane                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettane                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uuttaisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuttaa
uuttaisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uuttaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uuttaisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uuttaisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttaisivat                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettaisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettaisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uuta                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uuttakoon                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uuttakaamme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uuttakaa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttakoot                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uuttaa
uuta                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttako                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettako                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttaa                                  :Inf1:                    uuttaa
uuttaakseen                             :Inf1:L:                  uuttaa
uuttaessa                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uuttaa
uutettaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uuttaa
uuttaen                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uuttaa
uuttamassa                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uuttaa
uuttamasta                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uuttaa
uuttamaan                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uuttaa
uuttamalla                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uuttaa
uuttamatta                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uuttaa
uuttaman                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uuttaa
uutettaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uuttaa
uuttaminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                uuttaa
uuttamista                              :Inf4:Par:                uuttaa
uuttamaisillaan                         :Inf5:                    uuttaa
uuttava                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uuttaa
uutettava                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttama                                 :Cip:Age:                 uuttaa
uuttamaton                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             uuttaa
uuttanut                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuttaa
uuttaneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuttaa
uutettu                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuttaa
uuttera                                 :S:Nom:                   uuttera
uutteran                                :S:Gen:                   uuttera
uutteraa                                :S:Par:                   uuttera
uutterassa                              :S:Ine:                   uuttera
uutterasta                              :S:Ela:                   uuttera
uutteraan                               :S:Ill:                   uuttera
uutteralla                              :S:Ade:                   uuttera
uutteralta                              :S:Abl:                   uuttera
uutteralle                              :S:All:                   uuttera
uutterana                               :S:Ess:                   uuttera
uutteraksi                              :S:Tra:                   uuttera
uutteratta                              :S:Abe:                   uuttera
uutterat                                :P:Nom:                   uuttera
uutterien                               :P:Gen:                   uuttera
uutterain                               :P:Gen:                   uuttera
uutteria                                :P:Par:                   uuttera
uutterissa                              :P:Ine:                   uuttera
uutterista                              :P:Ela:                   uuttera
uutteriin                               :P:Ill:                   uuttera
uutterilla                              :P:Ade:                   uuttera
uutterilta                              :P:Abl:                   uuttera
uutterille                              :P:All:                   uuttera
uutterina                               :P:Ess:                   uuttera
uutteriksi                              :P:Tra:                   uuttera
uutterin                                :P:Ins:                   uuttera
uutteritta                              :P:Abe:                   uuttera
uutterine                               :P:Kom:                   uuttera
uutteruus                               :S:Nom:                   uutteruus
uutteruuden                             :S:Gen:                   uutteruus
uutteruutta                             :S:Par:                   uutteruus
uutteruudessa                           :S:Ine:                   uutteruus
uutteruudesta                           :S:Ela:                   uutteruus
uutteruuteen                            :S:Ill:                   uutteruus
uutteruudella                           :S:Ade:                   uutteruus
uutteruudelta                           :S:Abl:                   uutteruus
uutteruudelle                           :S:All:                   uutteruus
uutteruutena                            :S:Ess:                   uutteruus
uutteruudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   uutteruus
uutteruutta                             :S:Abe:                   uutteruus
uutteruudet                             :P:Nom:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksien                           :P:Gen:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksia                            :P:Par:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksista                          :P:Ela:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksille                          :P:All:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksina                           :P:Ess:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksin                            :P:Ins:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   uutteruus
uutteruuksine                           :P:Kom:                   uutteruus
uutto                                   :S:Nom:                   uutto
uuton                                   :S:Gen:                   uutto
uuttoa                                  :S:Par:                   uutto
uutossa                                 :S:Ine:                   uutto
uutosta                                 :S:Ela:                   uutto
uuttoon                                 :S:Ill:                   uutto
uutolla                                 :S:Ade:                   uutto
uutolta                                 :S:Abl:                   uutto
uutolle                                 :S:All:                   uutto
uuttona                                 :S:Ess:                   uutto
uutoksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uutto
uutotta                                 :S:Abe:                   uutto
uutot                                   :P:Nom:                   uutto
uuttojen                                :P:Gen:                   uutto
uuttoja                                 :P:Par:                   uutto
uutoissa                                :P:Ine:                   uutto
uutoista                                :P:Ela:                   uutto
uuttoihin                               :P:Ill:                   uutto
uutoilla                                :P:Ade:                   uutto
uutoilta                                :P:Abl:                   uutto
uutoille                                :P:All:                   uutto
uuttoina                                :P:Ess:                   uutto
uutoiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uutto
uutoin                                  :P:Ins:                   uutto
uutoitta                                :P:Abe:                   uutto
uuttoine                                :P:Kom:                   uutto
uuttu                                   :S:Nom:                   uuttu
uutun                                   :S:Gen:                   uuttu
uuttua                                  :S:Par:                   uuttu
uutussa                                 :S:Ine:                   uuttu
uutusta                                 :S:Ela:                   uuttu
uuttuun                                 :S:Ill:                   uuttu
uutulla                                 :S:Ade:                   uuttu
uutulta                                 :S:Abl:                   uuttu
uutulle                                 :S:All:                   uuttu
uuttuna                                 :S:Ess:                   uuttu
uutuksi                                 :S:Tra:                   uuttu
uututta                                 :S:Abe:                   uuttu
uutut                                   :P:Nom:                   uuttu
uuttujen                                :P:Gen:                   uuttu
uuttuja                                 :P:Par:                   uuttu
uutuissa                                :P:Ine:                   uuttu
uutuista                                :P:Ela:                   uuttu
uuttuihin                               :P:Ill:                   uuttu
uutuilla                                :P:Ade:                   uuttu
uutuilta                                :P:Abl:                   uuttu
uutuille                                :P:All:                   uuttu
uuttuina                                :P:Ess:                   uuttu
uutuiksi                                :P:Tra:                   uuttu
uutuin                                  :P:Ins:                   uuttu
uutuitta                                :P:Abe:                   uuttu
uuttuine                                :P:Kom:                   uuttu
uuttukyyhky                             :S:Nom:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyn                            :S:Gen:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyä                            :S:Par:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyssä                          :S:Ine:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkystä                          :S:Ela:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyyn                           :S:Ill:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyllä                          :S:Ade:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyltä                          :S:Abl:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkylle                          :S:All:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkynä                           :S:Ess:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyksi                          :S:Tra:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyttä                          :S:Abe:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyt                            :P:Nom:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyjen                          :P:Gen:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyjä                           :P:Par:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyissä                         :P:Ine:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyistä                         :P:Ela:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyihin                         :P:Ill:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyillä                         :P:Ade:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyiltä                         :P:Abl:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyille                         :P:All:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyinä                          :P:Ess:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyiksi                         :P:Tra:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyin                           :P:Ins:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyittä                         :P:Abe:                   uuttukyyhky
uuttukyyhkyine                          :P:Kom:                   uuttukyyhky
uutukainen                              :S:Nom:                   uutukainen
uutukaisen                              :S:Gen:                   uutukainen
uutukaista                              :S:Par:                   uutukainen
uutukaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   uutukainen
uutukaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   uutukainen
uutukaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   uutukainen
uutukaisella                            :S:Ade:                   uutukainen
uutukaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   uutukainen
uutukaiselle                            :S:All:                   uutukainen
uutukaisena                             :S:Ess:                   uutukainen
uutukaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uutukainen
uutukaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   uutukainen
uutukaiset                              :P:Nom:                   uutukainen
uutukaisten                             :P:Gen:                   uutukainen
uutukaisin                              :P:Gen:                   uutukainen
uutukaisia                              :P:Par:                   uutukainen
uutukaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   uutukainen
uutukaisista                            :P:Ela:                   uutukainen
uutukaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   uutukainen
uutukaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   uutukainen
uutukaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   uutukainen
uutukaisille                            :P:All:                   uutukainen
uutukaisina                             :P:Ess:                   uutukainen
uutukaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uutukainen
uutukaisin                              :P:Ins:                   uutukainen
uutukaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   uutukainen
uutukaisine                             :P:Kom:                   uutukainen
uutuudenjäykkä                          :S:Nom:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykän                          :S:Gen:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkää                         :S:Par:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykässä                        :S:Ine:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykästä                        :S:Ela:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkään                        :S:Ill:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykällä                        :S:Ade:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykältä                        :S:Abl:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykälle                        :S:All:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkänä                        :S:Ess:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykäksi                        :S:Tra:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykättä                        :S:Abe:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykät                          :P:Nom:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkien                        :P:Gen:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkäin                        :P:Gen:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkiä                         :P:Par:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykissä                        :P:Ine:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykistä                        :P:Ela:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkiin                        :P:Ill:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykillä                        :P:Ade:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykiltä                        :P:Abl:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykille                        :P:All:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkinä                        :P:Ess:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykiksi                        :P:Tra:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykin                          :P:Ins:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykittä                        :P:Abe:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenjäykkine                        :P:Kom:                   uutuudenjäykkä
uutuudenviehätys                        :S:Nom:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksen                     :S:Gen:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätystä                      :S:Par:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksessä                   :S:Ine:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksestä                   :S:Ela:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätykseen                    :S:Ill:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksellä                   :S:Ade:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätykseltä                   :S:Abl:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätykselle                   :S:All:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksenä                    :S:Ess:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätykseksi                   :S:Tra:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksettä                   :S:Abe:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätykset                     :P:Nom:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätysten                     :P:Gen:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksien                    :P:Gen:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksiä                     :P:Par:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksissä                   :P:Ine:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksistä                   :P:Ela:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksiin                    :P:Ill:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksillä                   :P:Ade:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksiltä                   :P:Abl:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksille                   :P:All:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksinä                    :P:Ess:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksin                     :P:Ins:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksittä                   :P:Abe:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuudenviehätyksine                    :P:Kom:                   uutuudenviehätys
uutuus                                  :S:Nom:                   uutuus
uutuuden                                :S:Gen:                   uutuus
uutuutta                                :S:Par:                   uutuus
uutuudessa                              :S:Ine:                   uutuus
uutuudesta                              :S:Ela:                   uutuus
uutuuteen                               :S:Ill:                   uutuus
uutuudella                              :S:Ade:                   uutuus
uutuudelta                              :S:Abl:                   uutuus
uutuudelle                              :S:All:                   uutuus
uutuutena                               :S:Ess:                   uutuus
uutuudeksi                              :S:Tra:                   uutuus
uutuutta                                :S:Abe:                   uutuus
uutuudet                                :P:Nom:                   uutuus
uutuuksien                              :P:Gen:                   uutuus
uutuuksia                               :P:Par:                   uutuus
uutuuksissa                             :P:Ine:                   uutuus
uutuuksista                             :P:Ela:                   uutuus
uutuuksiin                              :P:Ill:                   uutuus
uutuuksilla                             :P:Ade:                   uutuus
uutuuksilta                             :P:Abl:                   uutuus
uutuuksille                             :P:All:                   uutuus
uutuuksina                              :P:Ess:                   uutuus
uutuuksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   uutuus
uutuuksin                               :P:Ins:                   uutuus
uutuuksitta                             :P:Abe:                   uutuus
uutuuksine                              :P:Kom:                   uutuus
uutuusarvo                              :S:Nom:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvon                             :S:Gen:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoa                             :S:Par:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvossa                           :S:Ine:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvosta                           :S:Ela:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoon                            :S:Ill:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvolla                           :S:Ade:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvolta                           :S:Abl:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvolle                           :S:All:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvona                            :S:Ess:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoksi                           :S:Tra:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvotta                           :S:Abe:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvot                             :P:Nom:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvojen                           :P:Gen:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoja                            :P:Par:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoissa                          :P:Ine:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoista                          :P:Ela:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoihin                          :P:Ill:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoilla                          :P:Ade:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoilta                          :P:Abl:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoille                          :P:All:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoina                           :P:Ess:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoin                            :P:Ins:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoitta                          :P:Abe:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusarvoine                           :P:Kom:                   uutuusarvo
uutuusesittely                          :S:Nom:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyn                         :S:Gen:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyä                         :S:Par:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyssä                       :S:Ine:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelystä                       :S:Ela:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyyn                        :S:Ill:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyllä                       :S:Ade:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyltä                       :S:Abl:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelylle                       :S:All:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelynä                        :S:Ess:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyksi                       :S:Tra:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyttä                       :S:Abe:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyt                         :P:Nom:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyjen                       :P:Gen:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyiden                      :P:Gen:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyitten                     :P:Gen:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyjä                        :P:Par:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyitä                       :P:Par:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyissä                      :P:Ine:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyistä                      :P:Ela:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyihin                      :P:Ill:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyillä                      :P:Ade:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyiltä                      :P:Abl:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyille                      :P:All:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyinä                       :P:Ess:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyin                        :P:Ins:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyittä                      :P:Abe:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusesittelyine                       :P:Kom:                   uutuusesittely
uutuusluettelo                          :S:Nom:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelon                         :S:Gen:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloa                         :S:Par:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelossa                       :S:Ine:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelosta                       :S:Ela:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloon                        :S:Ill:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelolla                       :S:Ade:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelolta                       :S:Abl:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelolle                       :S:All:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelona                        :S:Ess:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloksi                       :S:Tra:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelotta                       :S:Abe:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelot                         :P:Nom:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluettelojen                       :P:Gen:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloiden                      :P:Gen:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloitten                     :P:Gen:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloja                        :P:Par:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloita                       :P:Par:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloissa                      :P:Ine:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloista                      :P:Ela:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloihin                      :P:Ill:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloilla                      :P:Ade:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloilta                      :P:Abl:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloille                      :P:All:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloina                       :P:Ess:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloiksi                      :P:Tra:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloin                        :P:Ins:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloitta                      :P:Abe:                   uutuusluettelo
uutuusluetteloine                       :P:Kom:                   uutuusluettelo
uuvahdus                                :S:Nom:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksen                             :S:Gen:                   uuvahdus
uuvahdusta                              :S:Par:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksessa                           :S:Ine:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksesta                           :S:Ela:                   uuvahdus
uuvahdukseen                            :S:Ill:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksella                           :S:Ade:                   uuvahdus
uuvahdukselta                           :S:Abl:                   uuvahdus
uuvahdukselle                           :S:All:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksena                            :S:Ess:                   uuvahdus
uuvahdukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksetta                           :S:Abe:                   uuvahdus
uuvahdukset                             :P:Nom:                   uuvahdus
uuvahdusten                             :P:Gen:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksien                            :P:Gen:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksia                             :P:Par:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksissa                           :P:Ine:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksista                           :P:Ela:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksiin                            :P:Ill:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksilla                           :P:Ade:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksilta                           :P:Abl:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksille                           :P:All:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksina                            :P:Ess:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksin                             :P:Ins:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksitta                           :P:Abe:                   uuvahdus
uuvahduksine                            :P:Kom:                   uuvahdus
uuvahdan                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdat                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdamme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdatte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdetaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahda                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdeta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvahdin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahditte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvahtanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvahda                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahda                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtaa                                :Inf1:                    uuvahtaa
uuvahtaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uuvahtaa
uuvahtaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uuvahtaa
uuvahdettaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uuvahtaa
uuvahtaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uuvahtaa
uuvahtamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uuvahtaa
uuvahtamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uuvahtaa
uuvahtamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uuvahtaa
uuvahtamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uuvahtaa
uuvahtamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uuvahtaa
uuvahtaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uuvahtaa
uuvahdettaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uuvahtaa
uuvahtaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uuvahtaa
uuvahtamista                            :Inf4:Par:                uuvahtaa
uuvahtamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uuvahtaa
uuvahtava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uuvahtaa
uuvahdettava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtama                               :Cip:Age:                 uuvahtaa
uuvahtamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             uuvahtaa
uuvahtanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahtaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvahtaa
uuvahdettu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuvahtaa
uuvutan                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuvuttaa
uuvutat                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutamme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvutatte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttavat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutetaan                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuta                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuteta                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvutin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          uuvuttaa
uuvutit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvutti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvutitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttivat                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvuttanen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettaneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttane                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettane                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettaisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettaisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvuta                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttakoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttakaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttakaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttakoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettakoon                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuta                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttako                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettako                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttaa                                :Inf1:                    uuvuttaa
uuvuttaakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  uuvuttaa
uuvuttaessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            uuvuttaa
uuvutettaessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            uuvuttaa
uuvuttaen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            uuvuttaa
uuvuttamassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            uuvuttaa
uuvuttamasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            uuvuttaa
uuvuttamaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            uuvuttaa
uuvuttamalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            uuvuttaa
uuvuttamatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            uuvuttaa
uuvuttaman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            uuvuttaa
uuvutettaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            uuvuttaa
uuvuttaminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                uuvuttaa
uuvuttamista                            :Inf4:Par:                uuvuttaa
uuvuttamaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    uuvuttaa
uuvuttava                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             uuvuttaa
uuvutettava                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttama                               :Cip:Age:                 uuvuttaa
uuvuttamaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             uuvuttaa
uuvuttanut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvuttaneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      uuvuttaa
uuvutettu                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         uuvuttaa
uuvutus                                 :S:Nom:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksen                              :S:Gen:                   uuvutus
uuvutusta                               :S:Par:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksessa                            :S:Ine:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksesta                            :S:Ela:                   uuvutus
uuvutukseen                             :S:Ill:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksella                            :S:Ade:                   uuvutus
uuvutukselta                            :S:Abl:                   uuvutus
uuvutukselle                            :S:All:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksena                             :S:Ess:                   uuvutus
uuvutukseksi                            :S:Tra:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksetta                            :S:Abe:                   uuvutus
uuvutukset                              :P:Nom:                   uuvutus
uuvutusten                              :P:Gen:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksien                             :P:Gen:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksia                              :P:Par:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksissa                            :P:Ine:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksista                            :P:Ela:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksiin                             :P:Ill:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksilla                            :P:Ade:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksilta                            :P:Abl:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksille                            :P:All:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksina                             :P:Ess:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksin                              :P:Ins:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksitta                            :P:Abe:                   uuvutus
uuvutuksine                             :P:Kom:                   uuvutus
uuvutustaistelu                         :S:Nom:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelun                        :S:Gen:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelua                        :S:Par:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelussa                      :S:Ine:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelusta                      :S:Ela:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluun                       :S:Ill:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelulla                      :S:Ade:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelulta                      :S:Abl:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelulle                      :S:All:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluna                       :S:Ess:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluksi                      :S:Tra:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelutta                      :S:Abe:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelut                        :P:Nom:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaistelujen                      :P:Gen:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluiden                     :P:Gen:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluitten                    :P:Gen:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluja                       :P:Par:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluita                      :P:Par:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluissa                     :P:Ine:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluista                     :P:Ela:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluihin                     :P:Ill:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluilla                     :P:Ade:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluilta                     :P:Abl:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluille                     :P:All:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluina                      :P:Ess:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluin                       :P:Ins:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluitta                     :P:Abe:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaisteluine                      :P:Kom:                   uuvutustaistelu
uuvutustaktiikka                        :S:Nom:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikan                        :S:Gen:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikkaa                       :S:Par:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikassa                      :S:Ine:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikasta                      :S:Ela:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikkaan                      :S:Ill:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikalla                      :S:Ade:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikalta                      :S:Abl:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikalle                      :S:All:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikkana                      :S:Ess:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikaksi                      :S:Tra:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikatta                      :S:Abe:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikat                        :P:Nom:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoiden                     :P:Gen:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoitten                    :P:Gen:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikkojen                     :P:Gen:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikkain                      :P:Gen:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoita                      :P:Par:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikkoja                      :P:Par:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoissa                     :P:Ine:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoista                     :P:Ela:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikkoihin                    :P:Ill:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoihin                     :P:Ill:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoilla                     :P:Ade:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoilta                     :P:Abl:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoille                     :P:All:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoina                      :P:Ess:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoin                       :P:Ins:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoitta                     :P:Abe:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uuvutustaktiikoine                      :P:Kom:                   uuvutustaktiikka
uveavanto                               :S:Nom:                   uveavanto
uveavannon                              :S:Gen:                   uveavanto
uveavantoa                              :S:Par:                   uveavanto
uveavannossa                            :S:Ine:                   uveavanto
uveavannosta                            :S:Ela:                   uveavanto
uveavantoon                             :S:Ill:                   uveavanto
uveavannolla                            :S:Ade:                   uveavanto
uveavannolta                            :S:Abl:                   uveavanto
uveavannolle                            :S:All:                   uveavanto
uveavantona                             :S:Ess:                   uveavanto
uveavannoksi                            :S:Tra:                   uveavanto
uveavannotta                            :S:Abe:                   uveavanto
uveavannot                              :P:Nom:                   uveavanto
uveavantojen                            :P:Gen:                   uveavanto
uveavantoja                             :P:Par:                   uveavanto
uveavannoissa                           :P:Ine:                   uveavanto
uveavannoista                           :P:Ela:                   uveavanto
uveavantoihin                           :P:Ill:                   uveavanto
uveavannoilla                           :P:Ade:                   uveavanto
uveavannoilta                           :P:Abl:                   uveavanto
uveavannoille                           :P:All:                   uveavanto
uveavantoina                            :P:Ess:                   uveavanto
uveavannoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   uveavanto
uveavannoin                             :P:Ins:                   uveavanto
uveavannoitta                           :P:Abe:                   uveavanto
uveavantoine                            :P:Kom:                   uveavanto
