xakseli                                 :S:Nom:                   xakseli
xakselin                                :S:Gen:                   xakselin
xakselia                                :S:Par:                   xakselia
xakselissa                              :S:Ine:                   xakselissa
xakselista                              :S:Ela:                   xakselista
xakseliin                               :S:Ill:                   xakseliin
xakselilla                              :S:Ade:                   xakselilla
xakselilta                              :S:Abl:                   xakselilta
xakselille                              :S:All:                   xakselille
xakselina                               :S:Ess:                   xakselina
xakseliksi                              :S:Tra:                   xakseliksi
xakselitta                              :S:Abe:                   xakselitta
xakselit                                :P:Nom:                   xakselit
xakselien                               :P:Gen:                   xakselien
xakseleiden                             :P:Gen:                   xakseleiden
xakseleitten                            :P:Gen:                   xakseleitten
xakseleja                               :P:Par:                   xakseleja
xakseleita                              :P:Par:                   xakseleita
xakseleissa                             :P:Ine:                   xakseleissa
xakseleista                             :P:Ela:                   xakseleista
xakseleihin                             :P:Ill:                   xakseleihin
xakseleilla                             :P:Ade:                   xakseleilla
xakseleilta                             :P:Abl:                   xakseleilta
xakseleille                             :P:All:                   xakseleille
xakseleina                              :P:Ess:                   xakseleina
xakseleiksi                             :P:Tra:                   xakseleiksi
xakselein                               :P:Ins:                   xakselein
xakseleitta                             :P:Abe:                   xakseleitta
xakseleine                              :P:Kom:                   xakseleine
xerokopio                               :S:Nom:                   xerokopio
xerokopion                              :S:Gen:                   xerokopion
xerokopiota                             :S:Par:                   xerokopiota
xerokopiossa                            :S:Ine:                   xerokopiossa
xerokopiosta                            :S:Ela:                   xerokopiosta
xerokopioon                             :S:Ill:                   xerokopioon
xerokopiolla                            :S:Ade:                   xerokopiolla
xerokopiolta                            :S:Abl:                   xerokopiolta
xerokopiolle                            :S:All:                   xerokopiolle
xerokopiona                             :S:Ess:                   xerokopiona
xerokopioksi                            :S:Tra:                   xerokopioksi
xerokopiotta                            :S:Abe:                   xerokopiotta
xerokopiot                              :P:Nom:                   xerokopiot
xerokopioiden                           :P:Gen:                   xerokopioiden
xerokopioitten                          :P:Gen:                   xerokopioitten
xerokopioita                            :P:Par:                   xerokopioita
xerokopioissa                           :P:Ine:                   xerokopioissa
xerokopioista                           :P:Ela:                   xerokopioista
xerokopioihin                           :P:Ill:                   xerokopioihin
xerokopioilla                           :P:Ade:                   xerokopioilla
xerokopioilta                           :P:Abl:                   xerokopioilta
xerokopioille                           :P:All:                   xerokopioille
xerokopioina                            :P:Ess:                   xerokopioina
xerokopioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   xerokopioiksi
xerokopioin                             :P:Ins:                   xerokopioin
xerokopioitta                           :P:Abe:                   xerokopioitta
xerokopioine                            :P:Kom:                   xerokopioine
