y-akseli                                :S:Nom:                   y-akseli
y-akselin                               :S:Gen:                   y-akseli
y-akselia                               :S:Par:                   y-akseli
y-akselissa                             :S:Ine:                   y-akseli
y-akselista                             :S:Ela:                   y-akseli
y-akseliin                              :S:Ill:                   y-akseli
y-akselilla                             :S:Ade:                   y-akseli
y-akselilta                             :S:Abl:                   y-akseli
y-akselille                             :S:All:                   y-akseli
y-akselina                              :S:Ess:                   y-akseli
y-akseliksi                             :S:Tra:                   y-akseli
y-akselitta                             :S:Abe:                   y-akseli
y-akselit                               :P:Nom:                   y-akseli
y-akselien                              :P:Gen:                   y-akseli
y-akseleiden                            :P:Gen:                   y-akseli
y-akseleitten                           :P:Gen:                   y-akseli
y-akseleja                              :P:Par:                   y-akseli
y-akseleita                             :P:Par:                   y-akseli
y-akseleissa                            :P:Ine:                   y-akseli
y-akseleista                            :P:Ela:                   y-akseli
y-akseleihin                            :P:Ill:                   y-akseli
y-akseleilla                            :P:Ade:                   y-akseli
y-akseleilta                            :P:Abl:                   y-akseli
y-akseleille                            :P:All:                   y-akseli
y-akseleina                             :P:Ess:                   y-akseli
y-akseleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   y-akseli
y-akselein                              :P:Ins:                   y-akseli
y-akseleitta                            :P:Abe:                   y-akseli
y-akseleine                             :P:Kom:                   y-akseli
ydin                                    :S:Nom:                   ydin
ytimen                                  :S:Gen:                   ydin
ydintä                                  :S:Par:                   ydin
ytimessä                                :S:Ine:                   ydin
ytimestä                                :S:Ela:                   ydin
ytimeen                                 :S:Ill:                   ydin
ytimellä                                :S:Ade:                   ydin
ytimeltä                                :S:Abl:                   ydin
ytimelle                                :S:All:                   ydin
ytimenä                                 :S:Ess:                   ydin
ytimeksi                                :S:Tra:                   ydin
ytimettä                                :S:Abe:                   ydin
ytimet                                  :P:Nom:                   ydin
ytimien                                 :P:Gen:                   ydin
ydinten                                 :P:Gen:                   ydin
ytimiä                                  :P:Par:                   ydin
ytimissä                                :P:Ine:                   ydin
ytimistä                                :P:Ela:                   ydin
ytimiin                                 :P:Ill:                   ydin
ytimillä                                :P:Ade:                   ydin
ytimiltä                                :P:Abl:                   ydin
ytimille                                :P:All:                   ydin
ytiminä                                 :P:Ess:                   ydin
ytimiksi                                :P:Tra:                   ydin
ytimin                                  :P:Ins:                   ydin
ytimittä                                :P:Abe:                   ydin
ytimine                                 :P:Kom:                   ydin
ydinaine                                :S:Nom:                   ydinaine
ydinaineen                              :S:Gen:                   ydinaine
ydinainetta                             :S:Par:                   ydinaine
ydinaineessa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinaine
ydinaineesta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinaine
ydinaineeseen                           :S:Ill:                   ydinaine
ydinaineella                            :S:Ade:                   ydinaine
ydinaineelta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinaine
ydinaineelle                            :S:All:                   ydinaine
ydinaineena                             :S:Ess:                   ydinaine
ydinaineeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinaine
ydinaineetta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinaine
ydinaineet                              :P:Nom:                   ydinaine
ydinaineiden                            :P:Gen:                   ydinaine
ydinaineitten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinaine
ydinaineita                             :P:Par:                   ydinaine
ydinaineissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydinaine
ydinaineista                            :P:Ela:                   ydinaine
ydinaineisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinaine
ydinaineihin                            :P:Ill:                   ydinaine
ydinaineilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydinaine
ydinaineilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydinaine
ydinaineille                            :P:All:                   ydinaine
ydinaineina                             :P:Ess:                   ydinaine
ydinaineiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinaine
ydinainein                              :P:Ins:                   ydinaine
ydinaineitta                            :P:Abe:                   ydinaine
ydinaineine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinaine
ydinaines                               :S:Nom:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksen                            :S:Gen:                   ydinaines
ydinainesta                             :S:Par:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksessa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksesta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinaines
ydinainekseen                           :S:Ill:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksella                          :S:Ade:                   ydinaines
ydinainekselta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinaines
ydinainekselle                          :S:All:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksena                           :S:Ess:                   ydinaines
ydinainekseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksetta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinaines
ydinainekset                            :P:Nom:                   ydinaines
ydinainesten                            :P:Gen:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksien                           :P:Gen:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksia                            :P:Par:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksista                          :P:Ela:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksille                          :P:All:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksina                           :P:Ess:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksin                            :P:Ins:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ydinaines
ydinaineksine                           :P:Kom:                   ydinaines
ydinajatus                              :S:Nom:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatusta                            :S:Par:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksella                         :S:Ade:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatukselle                         :S:All:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksena                          :S:Ess:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatukset                           :P:Nom:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatusten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksien                          :P:Gen:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksia                           :P:Par:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksille                         :P:All:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinajatus
ydinajatuksine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinajatus
ydinalue                                :S:Nom:                   ydinalue
ydinalueen                              :S:Gen:                   ydinalue
ydinaluetta                             :S:Par:                   ydinalue
ydinalueessa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinalue
ydinalueesta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinalue
ydinalueeseen                           :S:Ill:                   ydinalue
ydinalueella                            :S:Ade:                   ydinalue
ydinalueelta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinalue
ydinalueelle                            :S:All:                   ydinalue
ydinalueena                             :S:Ess:                   ydinalue
ydinalueeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinalue
ydinalueetta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinalue
ydinalueet                              :P:Nom:                   ydinalue
ydinalueiden                            :P:Gen:                   ydinalue
ydinalueitten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinalue
ydinalueita                             :P:Par:                   ydinalue
ydinalueissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydinalue
ydinalueista                            :P:Ela:                   ydinalue
ydinalueisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinalue
ydinalueihin                            :P:Ill:                   ydinalue
ydinalueilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydinalue
ydinalueilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydinalue
ydinalueille                            :P:All:                   ydinalue
ydinalueina                             :P:Ess:                   ydinalue
ydinalueiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinalue
ydinaluein                              :P:Ins:                   ydinalue
ydinalueitta                            :P:Abe:                   ydinalue
ydinalueine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinalue
ydinalus                                :S:Nom:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksen                             :S:Gen:                   ydinalus
ydinalusta                              :S:Par:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksessa                           :S:Ine:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksesta                           :S:Ela:                   ydinalus
ydinalukseen                            :S:Ill:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksella                           :S:Ade:                   ydinalus
ydinalukselta                           :S:Abl:                   ydinalus
ydinalukselle                           :S:All:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksena                            :S:Ess:                   ydinalus
ydinalukseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksetta                           :S:Abe:                   ydinalus
ydinalukset                             :P:Nom:                   ydinalus
ydinalusten                             :P:Gen:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksien                            :P:Gen:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksia                             :P:Par:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksiin                            :P:Ill:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksille                           :P:All:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksin                             :P:Ins:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinalus
ydinaluksine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinalus
ydinammus                               :S:Nom:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksen                            :S:Gen:                   ydinammus
ydinammusta                             :S:Par:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksessa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksesta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinammus
ydinammukseen                           :S:Ill:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksella                          :S:Ade:                   ydinammus
ydinammukselta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinammus
ydinammukselle                          :S:All:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksena                           :S:Ess:                   ydinammus
ydinammukseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksetta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinammus
ydinammukset                            :P:Nom:                   ydinammus
ydinammusten                            :P:Gen:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksien                           :P:Gen:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksia                            :P:Par:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksista                          :P:Ela:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksille                          :P:All:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksina                           :P:Ess:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksin                            :P:Ins:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ydinammus
ydinammuksine                           :P:Kom:                   ydinammus
ydinase                                 :S:Nom:                   ydinase
ydinaseen                               :S:Gen:                   ydinase
ydinasetta                              :S:Par:                   ydinase
ydinaseessa                             :S:Ine:                   ydinase
ydinaseesta                             :S:Ela:                   ydinase
ydinaseeseen                            :S:Ill:                   ydinase
ydinaseella                             :S:Ade:                   ydinase
ydinaseelta                             :S:Abl:                   ydinase
ydinaseelle                             :S:All:                   ydinase
ydinaseena                              :S:Ess:                   ydinase
ydinaseeksi                             :S:Tra:                   ydinase
ydinaseetta                             :S:Abe:                   ydinase
ydinaseet                               :P:Nom:                   ydinase
ydinaseiden                             :P:Gen:                   ydinase
ydinaseitten                            :P:Gen:                   ydinase
ydinaseita                              :P:Par:                   ydinase
ydinaseissa                             :P:Ine:                   ydinase
ydinaseista                             :P:Ela:                   ydinase
ydinaseisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ydinase
ydinaseihin                             :P:Ill:                   ydinase
ydinaseilla                             :P:Ade:                   ydinase
ydinaseilta                             :P:Abl:                   ydinase
ydinaseille                             :P:All:                   ydinase
ydinaseina                              :P:Ess:                   ydinase
ydinaseiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ydinase
ydinasein                               :P:Ins:                   ydinase
ydinaseitta                             :P:Abe:                   ydinase
ydinaseine                              :P:Kom:                   ydinase
ydinasearsenaali                        :S:Nom:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalin                       :S:Gen:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalia                       :S:Par:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalissa                     :S:Ine:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalista                     :S:Ela:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaliin                      :S:Ill:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalilla                     :S:Ade:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalilta                     :S:Abl:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalille                     :S:All:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalina                      :S:Ess:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaliksi                     :S:Tra:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalitta                     :S:Abe:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalit                       :P:Nom:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalien                      :P:Gen:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleja                      :P:Par:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleissa                    :P:Ine:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleista                    :P:Ela:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleihin                    :P:Ill:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleilla                    :P:Ade:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleilta                    :P:Abl:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleille                    :P:All:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleina                     :P:Ess:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaalein                      :P:Ins:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleitta                    :P:Abe:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinasearsenaaleine                     :P:Kom:                   ydinasearsenaali
ydinaseeton                             :S:Nom:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettoman                          :S:Gen:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseetonta                           :S:Par:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomassa                        :S:Ine:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomasta                        :S:Ela:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomaan                         :S:Ill:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomalla                        :S:Ade:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomalta                        :S:Abl:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomalle                        :S:All:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomana                         :S:Ess:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomatta                        :S:Abe:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomat                          :P:Nom:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomien                         :P:Gen:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseetonten                          :P:Gen:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomia                          :P:Par:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomissa                        :P:Ine:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomista                        :P:Ela:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomiin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomilla                        :P:Ade:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomilta                        :P:Abl:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomille                        :P:All:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomina                         :P:Ess:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomin                          :P:Ins:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomitta                        :P:Abe:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseettomine                         :P:Kom:                   ydinaseeton
ydinaseistan                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistatte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistavat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistetaan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseista                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseisteta                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseisti                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseista                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistakaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistakaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistakoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseista                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaa                            :Inf1:                    ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamista                        :Inf4:Par:                ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistava                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistama                           :Cip:Age:                 ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistamaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistettu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ydinaseistaa
ydinaseistus                            :S:Nom:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksen                         :S:Gen:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistusta                          :S:Par:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistukseen                        :S:Ill:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksella                       :S:Ade:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistukselta                       :S:Abl:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistukselle                       :S:All:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksena                        :S:Ess:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistukset                         :P:Nom:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistusten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksien                        :P:Gen:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksia                         :P:Par:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksista                       :P:Ela:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksille                       :P:All:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksina                        :P:Ess:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksin                         :P:Ins:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   ydinaseistus
ydinaseistuksine                        :P:Kom:                   ydinaseistus
ydinasevalta                            :S:Nom:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallan                           :S:Gen:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltaa                           :S:Par:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallassa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallasta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltaan                          :S:Ill:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallalla                         :S:Ade:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallalta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallalle                         :S:All:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltana                          :S:Ess:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallatta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevallat                           :P:Nom:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltojen                         :P:Gen:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltain                          :P:Gen:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltoja                          :P:Par:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevalloissa                        :P:Ine:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevalloista                        :P:Ela:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevalloilla                        :P:Ade:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevalloilta                        :P:Abl:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevalloille                        :P:All:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltoina                         :P:Ess:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevalloiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevalloin                          :P:Ins:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevalloitta                        :P:Abe:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltoine                         :P:Kom:                   ydinasevalta
ydinasevaltio                           :S:Nom:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltion                          :S:Gen:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiota                         :S:Par:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiossa                        :S:Ine:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiosta                        :S:Ela:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioon                         :S:Ill:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiolla                        :S:Ade:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiolta                        :S:Abl:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiolle                        :S:All:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiona                         :S:Ess:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioksi                        :S:Tra:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiotta                        :S:Abe:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltiot                          :P:Nom:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioiden                       :P:Gen:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioitten                      :P:Gen:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioita                        :P:Par:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioissa                       :P:Ine:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioista                       :P:Ela:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioihin                       :P:Ill:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioilla                       :P:Ade:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioilta                       :P:Abl:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioille                       :P:All:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioina                        :P:Ess:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioin                         :P:Ins:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioitta                       :P:Abe:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevaltioine                        :P:Kom:                   ydinasevaltio
ydinasevarustelu                        :S:Nom:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelun                       :S:Gen:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelua                       :S:Par:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelussa                     :S:Ine:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelusta                     :S:Ela:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluun                      :S:Ill:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelulla                     :S:Ade:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelulta                     :S:Abl:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelulle                     :S:All:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluna                      :S:Ess:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluksi                     :S:Tra:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelutta                     :S:Abe:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelut                       :P:Nom:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustelujen                     :P:Gen:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluiden                    :P:Gen:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluitten                   :P:Gen:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluja                      :P:Par:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluita                     :P:Par:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluissa                    :P:Ine:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluista                    :P:Ela:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluihin                    :P:Ill:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluilla                    :P:Ade:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluilta                    :P:Abl:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluille                    :P:All:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluina                     :P:Ess:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluin                      :P:Ins:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluitta                    :P:Abe:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarusteluine                     :P:Kom:                   ydinasevarustelu
ydinasevarustus                         :S:Nom:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksen                      :S:Gen:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustusta                       :S:Par:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksessa                    :S:Ine:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksesta                    :S:Ela:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustukseen                     :S:Ill:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksella                    :S:Ade:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustukselta                    :S:Abl:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustukselle                    :S:All:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksena                     :S:Ess:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksetta                    :S:Abe:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustukset                      :P:Nom:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustusten                      :P:Gen:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksien                     :P:Gen:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksia                      :P:Par:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksista                    :P:Ela:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksille                    :P:All:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksina                     :P:Ess:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksin                      :P:Ins:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinasevarustuksine                     :P:Kom:                   ydinasevarustus
ydinenergia                             :S:Nom:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergian                            :S:Gen:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiaa                            :S:Par:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiassa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiasta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiaan                           :S:Ill:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergialla                          :S:Ade:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergialta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergialle                          :S:All:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiana                           :S:Ess:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiatta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiat                            :P:Nom:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioiden                         :P:Gen:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioitten                        :P:Gen:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiain                           :P:Gen:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioita                          :P:Par:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioille                         :P:All:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergioine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinenergia
ydinenergiakäyttöinen                   :S:Nom:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisen                   :S:Gen:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöistä                   :S:Par:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisessä                 :S:Ine:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisestä                 :S:Ela:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöiseen                  :S:Ill:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisellä                 :S:Ade:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöiseltä                 :S:Abl:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöiselle                 :S:All:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisenä                  :S:Ess:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöiseksi                 :S:Tra:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisettä                 :S:Abe:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöiset                   :P:Nom:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisten                  :P:Gen:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisin                   :P:Gen:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisiä                   :P:Par:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisissä                 :P:Ine:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisistä                 :P:Ela:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisiin                  :P:Ill:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisillä                 :P:Ade:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisiltä                 :P:Abl:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisille                 :P:All:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisinä                  :P:Ess:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisin                   :P:Ins:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisittä                 :P:Abe:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinenergiakäyttöisine                  :P:Kom:                   ydinenergiakäyttöinen
ydinfysiikka                            :S:Nom:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikan                            :S:Gen:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikkaa                           :S:Par:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikassa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikasta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikkaan                          :S:Ill:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikalla                          :S:Ade:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikalta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikalle                          :S:All:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikkana                          :S:Ess:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikatta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikat                            :P:Nom:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoiden                         :P:Gen:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoitten                        :P:Gen:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikkojen                         :P:Gen:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikkain                          :P:Gen:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoita                          :P:Par:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikkoja                          :P:Par:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikkoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoille                         :P:All:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfysiikoine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinfysiikka
ydinfyysikko                            :S:Nom:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikon                            :S:Gen:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikkoa                           :S:Par:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikossa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikosta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikkoon                          :S:Ill:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikolla                          :S:Ade:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikolta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikolle                          :S:All:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikkona                          :S:Ess:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikotta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikot                            :P:Nom:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikkojen                         :P:Gen:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoiden                         :P:Gen:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoitten                        :P:Gen:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikkoja                          :P:Par:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoita                          :P:Par:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikkoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoille                         :P:All:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikkoina                         :P:Ess:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinfyysikoine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinfyysikko
ydinherne                               :S:Nom:                   ydinherne
ydinherneen                             :S:Gen:                   ydinherne
ydinhernettä                            :S:Par:                   ydinherne
ydinherneessä                           :S:Ine:                   ydinherne
ydinherneestä                           :S:Ela:                   ydinherne
ydinherneeseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinherne
ydinherneellä                           :S:Ade:                   ydinherne
ydinherneeltä                           :S:Abl:                   ydinherne
ydinherneelle                           :S:All:                   ydinherne
ydinherneenä                            :S:Ess:                   ydinherne
ydinherneeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ydinherne
ydinherneettä                           :S:Abe:                   ydinherne
ydinherneet                             :P:Nom:                   ydinherne
ydinherneiden                           :P:Gen:                   ydinherne
ydinherneitten                          :P:Gen:                   ydinherne
ydinherneitä                            :P:Par:                   ydinherne
ydinherneissä                           :P:Ine:                   ydinherne
ydinherneistä                           :P:Ela:                   ydinherne
ydinherneisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinherne
ydinherneihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinherne
ydinherneillä                           :P:Ade:                   ydinherne
ydinherneiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ydinherne
ydinherneille                           :P:All:                   ydinherne
ydinherneinä                            :P:Ess:                   ydinherne
ydinherneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinherne
ydinhernein                             :P:Ins:                   ydinherne
ydinherneittä                           :P:Abe:                   ydinherne
ydinherneine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinherne
ydinhiukkanen                           :S:Nom:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasta                           :S:Par:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasessa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasesta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkaseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasella                         :S:Ade:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkaselta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkaselle                         :S:All:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasena                          :S:Ess:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkaseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasetta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkaset                           :P:Nom:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasten                          :P:Gen:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasin                           :P:Gen:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasia                           :P:Par:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasille                         :P:All:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinhiukkasine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinhiukkanen
ydinisku                                :S:Nom:                   ydinisku
ydiniskun                               :S:Gen:                   ydinisku
ydiniskua                               :S:Par:                   ydinisku
ydiniskussa                             :S:Ine:                   ydinisku
ydiniskusta                             :S:Ela:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuun                              :S:Ill:                   ydinisku
ydiniskulla                             :S:Ade:                   ydinisku
ydiniskulta                             :S:Abl:                   ydinisku
ydiniskulle                             :S:All:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuna                              :S:Ess:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuksi                             :S:Tra:                   ydinisku
ydiniskutta                             :S:Abe:                   ydinisku
ydiniskut                               :P:Nom:                   ydinisku
ydiniskujen                             :P:Gen:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuja                              :P:Par:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuista                            :P:Ela:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuihin                            :P:Ill:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuille                            :P:All:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuina                             :P:Ess:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuin                              :P:Ins:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuitta                            :P:Abe:                   ydinisku
ydiniskuine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinisku
ydinjatke                               :S:Nom:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeen                             :S:Gen:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatketta                            :S:Par:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeessa                           :S:Ine:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeesta                           :S:Ela:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeeseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeella                           :S:Ade:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeelta                           :S:Abl:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeelle                           :S:All:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeena                            :S:Ess:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeetta                           :S:Abe:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeet                             :P:Nom:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeiden                           :P:Gen:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeitten                          :P:Gen:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeita                            :P:Par:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeille                           :P:All:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkein                             :P:Ins:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinjatke
ydinjatkeine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinjatke
ydinjauho                               :S:Nom:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhon                              :S:Gen:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoa                              :S:Par:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhossa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhosta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoon                             :S:Ill:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauholla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauholta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauholle                            :S:All:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhona                             :S:Ess:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhotta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhot                              :P:Nom:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhojen                            :P:Gen:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoja                             :P:Par:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoille                           :P:All:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoin                             :P:Ins:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinjauho
ydinjauhoine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinjauho
ydinjoukko                              :S:Nom:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukon                              :S:Gen:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukkoa                             :S:Par:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukossa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukosta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukkoon                            :S:Ill:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukolla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukolta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukolle                            :S:All:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukkona                            :S:Ess:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukotta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukot                              :P:Nom:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukkojen                           :P:Gen:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukkoja                            :P:Par:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoille                           :P:All:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukkoina                           :P:Ess:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoin                             :P:Ins:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjoukkoine                           :P:Kom:                   ydinjoukko
ydinjäte                                :S:Nom:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteen                             :S:Gen:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätettä                             :S:Par:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteessä                           :S:Ine:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteestä                           :S:Ela:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteeseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteellä                           :S:Ade:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteeltä                           :S:Abl:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteelle                           :S:All:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteenä                            :S:Ess:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteettä                           :S:Abe:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteet                             :P:Nom:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteiden                           :P:Gen:                   ydinjäte
ydinjäteitten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteitä                            :P:Par:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteissä                           :P:Ine:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteistä                           :P:Ela:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteillä                           :P:Ade:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteille                           :P:All:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteinä                            :P:Ess:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinjäte
ydinjättein                             :P:Ins:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteittä                           :P:Abe:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätteine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinjäte
ydinjätevarasto                         :S:Nom:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevaraston                        :S:Gen:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoa                        :S:Par:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastossa                      :S:Ine:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastosta                      :S:Ela:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoon                       :S:Ill:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastolla                      :S:Ade:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastolta                      :S:Abl:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastolle                      :S:All:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastona                       :S:Ess:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoksi                      :S:Tra:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastotta                      :S:Abe:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastot                        :P:Nom:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastojen                      :P:Gen:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoiden                     :P:Gen:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoitten                    :P:Gen:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoja                       :P:Par:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoita                      :P:Par:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoissa                     :P:Ine:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoista                     :P:Ela:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoihin                     :P:Ill:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoilla                     :P:Ade:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoilta                     :P:Abl:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoille                     :P:All:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoina                      :P:Ess:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoin                       :P:Ins:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoitta                     :P:Abe:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinjätevarastoine                      :P:Kom:                   ydinjätevarasto
ydinkemia                               :S:Nom:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemian                              :S:Gen:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiaa                              :S:Par:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiassa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiasta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiaan                             :S:Ill:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemialla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemialta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemialle                            :S:All:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiana                             :S:Ess:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiatta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiat                              :P:Nom:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioiden                           :P:Gen:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioitten                          :P:Gen:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemiain                             :P:Gen:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioita                            :P:Par:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioille                           :P:All:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioin                             :P:Ins:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinkemia
ydinkemioine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinkemia
ydinkeskus                              :S:Nom:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskusta                            :S:Par:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksella                         :S:Ade:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskukselle                         :S:All:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksena                          :S:Ess:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskukset                           :P:Nom:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskusten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksien                          :P:Gen:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksia                           :P:Par:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksille                         :P:All:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskuksine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinkeskus
ydinkeskusta                            :S:Nom:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustan                           :S:Gen:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustaa                           :S:Par:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustassa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustasta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustaan                          :S:Ill:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustalla                         :S:Ade:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustalta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustalle                         :S:All:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustana                          :S:Ess:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustatta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustat                           :P:Nom:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoiden                        :P:Gen:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoitten                       :P:Gen:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustojen                         :P:Gen:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustain                          :P:Gen:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoita                         :P:Par:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoja                          :P:Par:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoista                        :P:Ela:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoille                        :P:All:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoina                         :P:Ess:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoin                          :P:Ins:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkeskustoine                         :P:Kom:                   ydinkeskusta
ydinkoe                                 :S:Nom:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeen                              :S:Gen:                   ydinkoe
ydinkoetta                              :S:Par:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeessa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeesta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeeseen                           :S:Ill:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeella                            :S:Ade:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeelta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeelle                            :S:All:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeena                             :S:Ess:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeetta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeet                              :P:Nom:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeiden                            :P:Gen:                   ydinkoe
ydinkoeitten                            :P:Gen:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeita                             :P:Par:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeista                            :P:Ela:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeihin                            :P:Ill:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeille                            :P:All:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeina                             :P:Ess:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokein                              :P:Ins:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeitta                            :P:Abe:                   ydinkoe
ydinkokeine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinkoe
ydinkoekielto                           :S:Nom:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekiellon                          :S:Gen:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekieltoa                          :S:Par:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekiellossa                        :S:Ine:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekiellosta                        :S:Ela:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekieltoon                         :S:Ill:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekiellolla                        :S:Ade:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekiellolta                        :S:Abl:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekiellolle                        :S:All:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekieltona                         :S:Ess:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloksi                        :S:Tra:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekiellotta                        :S:Abe:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekiellot                          :P:Nom:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekieltojen                        :P:Gen:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekieltoja                         :P:Par:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloissa                       :P:Ine:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloista                       :P:Ela:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekieltoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloilla                       :P:Ade:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloilta                       :P:Abl:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloille                       :P:All:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekieltoina                        :P:Ess:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloin                         :P:Ins:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekielloitta                       :P:Abe:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkoekieltoine                        :P:Kom:                   ydinkoekielto
ydinkohta                               :S:Nom:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdan                              :S:Gen:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtaa                              :S:Par:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdassa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdasta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtaan                             :S:Ill:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdalla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdalta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdalle                            :S:All:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtana                             :S:Ess:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdatta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdat                              :P:Nom:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtien                             :P:Gen:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtain                             :P:Gen:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtia                              :P:Par:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdista                            :P:Ela:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtiin                             :P:Ill:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdille                            :P:All:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtina                             :P:Ess:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohdin                              :P:Ins:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohditta                            :P:Abe:                   ydinkohta
ydinkohtine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinkohta
ydinkysymys                             :S:Nom:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksen                          :S:Gen:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymystä                           :S:Par:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksessä                        :S:Ine:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksestä                        :S:Ela:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymykseen                         :S:Ill:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksellä                        :S:Ade:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymykseltä                        :S:Abl:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymykselle                        :S:All:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksenä                         :S:Ess:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymykseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksettä                        :S:Abe:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymykset                          :P:Nom:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymysten                          :P:Gen:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksien                         :P:Gen:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksiä                          :P:Par:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksille                        :P:All:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksin                          :P:Ins:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkysymyksine                         :P:Kom:                   ydinkysymys
ydinkärki                               :S:Nom:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjen                              :S:Gen:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärkeä                              :S:Par:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjessä                            :S:Ine:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjestä                            :S:Ela:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärkeen                             :S:Ill:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjellä                            :S:Ade:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjeltä                            :S:Abl:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjelle                            :S:All:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärkenä                             :S:Ess:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjettä                            :S:Abe:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjet                              :P:Nom:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärkien                             :P:Gen:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärkiä                              :P:Par:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjissä                            :P:Ine:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjistä                            :P:Ela:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärkiin                             :P:Ill:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjillä                            :P:Ade:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjille                            :P:All:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärkinä                             :P:Ess:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjin                              :P:Ins:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärjittä                            :P:Abe:                   ydinkärki
ydinkärkine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinkärki
ydinkäyttöinen                          :S:Nom:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisen                          :S:Gen:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöistä                          :S:Par:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisessä                        :S:Ine:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisestä                        :S:Ela:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöiseen                         :S:Ill:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisellä                        :S:Ade:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöiseltä                        :S:Abl:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöiselle                        :S:All:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisenä                         :S:Ess:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisettä                        :S:Abe:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöiset                          :P:Nom:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisin                          :P:Gen:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisiä                          :P:Par:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisissä                        :P:Ine:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisistä                        :P:Ela:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisillä                        :P:Ade:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisille                        :P:All:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisinä                         :P:Ess:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisin                          :P:Ins:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisittä                        :P:Abe:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinkäyttöisine                         :P:Kom:                   ydinkäyttöinen
ydinlaitos                              :S:Nom:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitosta                            :S:Par:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitokseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksella                         :S:Ade:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitokselta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitokselle                         :S:All:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksena                          :S:Ess:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitokseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitokset                           :P:Nom:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitosten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksien                          :P:Gen:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksia                           :P:Par:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksille                         :P:All:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaitoksine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinlaitos
ydinlaji                                :S:Nom:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajin                               :S:Gen:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajia                               :S:Par:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajissa                             :S:Ine:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajista                             :S:Ela:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajiin                              :S:Ill:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajilla                             :S:Ade:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajilta                             :S:Abl:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajille                             :S:All:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajina                              :S:Ess:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajiksi                             :S:Tra:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajitta                             :S:Abe:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajit                               :P:Nom:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajien                              :P:Gen:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeja                              :P:Par:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeista                            :P:Ela:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeihin                            :P:Ill:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeille                            :P:All:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeina                             :P:Ess:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajein                              :P:Ins:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeitta                            :P:Abe:                   ydinlaji
ydinlajeine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinlaji
ydinlanka                               :S:Nom:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangan                              :S:Gen:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankaa                              :S:Par:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangassa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangasta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankaan                             :S:Ill:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangalla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangalta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangalle                            :S:All:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankana                             :S:Ess:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangatta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangat                              :P:Nom:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankojen                            :P:Gen:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankain                             :P:Gen:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankoja                             :P:Par:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangoista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangoille                           :P:All:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankoina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangoin                             :P:Ins:                   ydinlanka
ydinlangoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinlanka
ydinlankoine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinlanka
ydinlataus                              :S:Nom:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatausta                            :S:Par:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinlataus
ydinlataukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksella                         :S:Ade:                   ydinlataus
ydinlataukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinlataus
ydinlataukselle                         :S:All:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksena                          :S:Ess:                   ydinlataus
ydinlataukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinlataus
ydinlataukset                           :P:Nom:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatausten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksien                          :P:Gen:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksia                           :P:Par:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksille                         :P:All:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinlataus
ydinlatauksine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinlataus
ydinlua                                 :S:Nom:                   ydinluu
ydinluan                                :S:Gen:                   ydinluu
ydinluata                               :S:Par:                   ydinluu
ydinluassa                              :S:Ine:                   ydinluu
ydinluasta                              :S:Ela:                   ydinluu
ydinluuhun                              :S:Ill:                   ydinluu
ydinlualla                              :S:Ade:                   ydinluu
ydinlualta                              :S:Abl:                   ydinluu
ydinlualle                              :S:All:                   ydinluu
ydinluana                               :S:Ess:                   ydinluu
ydinluaksi                              :S:Tra:                   ydinluu
ydinluatta                              :S:Abe:                   ydinluu
ydinluat                                :P:Nom:                   ydinluu
ydinluiden                              :P:Gen:                   ydinluu
ydinluitten                             :P:Gen:                   ydinluu
ydinluita                               :P:Par:                   ydinluu
ydinluissa                              :P:Ine:                   ydinluu
ydinluista                              :P:Ela:                   ydinluu
ydinluihin                              :P:Ill:                   ydinluu
ydinluilla                              :P:Ade:                   ydinluu
ydinluilta                              :P:Abl:                   ydinluu
ydinluille                              :P:All:                   ydinluu
ydinluina                               :P:Ess:                   ydinluu
ydinluiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ydinluu
ydinluin                                :P:Ins:                   ydinluu
ydinluitta                              :P:Abe:                   ydinluu
ydinluine                               :P:Kom:                   ydinluu
ydinmagneettinen                        :S:Nom:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisen                        :S:Gen:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettista                        :S:Par:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisessa                      :S:Ine:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisesta                      :S:Ela:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettiseen                       :S:Ill:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisella                      :S:Ade:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettiselta                      :S:Abl:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettiselle                      :S:All:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisena                       :S:Ess:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisetta                      :S:Abe:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettiset                        :P:Nom:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisten                       :P:Gen:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisin                        :P:Gen:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisia                        :P:Par:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisissa                      :P:Ine:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisista                      :P:Ela:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisilla                      :P:Ade:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisilta                      :P:Abl:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisille                      :P:All:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisina                       :P:Ess:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisin                        :P:Ins:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisitta                      :P:Abe:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmagneettisine                       :P:Kom:                   ydinmagneettinen
ydinmalli                               :S:Nom:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallin                              :S:Gen:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallia                              :S:Par:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallissa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallista                            :S:Ela:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalliin                             :S:Ill:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallilla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallilta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallille                            :S:All:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallina                             :S:Ess:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalliksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallitta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallit                              :P:Nom:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallien                             :P:Gen:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleja                             :P:Par:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleille                           :P:All:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinmalli
ydinmallein                             :P:Ins:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinmalli
ydinmalleine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinmalli
ydinmiina                               :S:Nom:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinan                              :S:Gen:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinaa                              :S:Par:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinassa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinasta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinaan                             :S:Ill:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinalla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinalta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinalle                            :S:All:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinana                             :S:Ess:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinatta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinat                              :P:Nom:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinojen                            :P:Gen:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinain                             :P:Gen:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoja                             :P:Par:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoille                           :P:All:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoin                             :P:Ins:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinmiina
ydinmiinoine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinmiina
ydinohjus                               :S:Nom:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksen                            :S:Gen:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjusta                             :S:Par:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksessa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksesta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjukseen                           :S:Ill:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksella                          :S:Ade:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjukselta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjukselle                          :S:All:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksena                           :S:Ess:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjukseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksetta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjukset                            :P:Nom:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjusten                            :P:Gen:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksien                           :P:Gen:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksia                            :P:Par:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksista                          :P:Ela:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksille                          :P:All:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksina                           :P:Ess:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksin                            :P:Ins:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ydinohjus
ydinohjuksine                           :P:Kom:                   ydinohjus
ydinolemus                              :S:Nom:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemusta                            :S:Par:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksella                         :S:Ade:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemukselle                         :S:All:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksena                          :S:Ess:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemukset                           :P:Nom:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemusten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksien                          :P:Gen:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksia                           :P:Par:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksille                         :P:All:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinolemus
ydinolemuksine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinolemus
ydinonnettomuus                         :S:Nom:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuden                       :S:Gen:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuutta                       :S:Par:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuudella                     :S:Ade:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuudelle                     :S:All:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuutena                      :S:Ess:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuutta                       :S:Abe:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuudet                       :P:Nom:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksia                      :P:Par:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksille                    :P:All:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinonnettomuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   ydinonnettomuus
ydinontelo                              :S:Nom:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelon                             :S:Gen:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloa                             :S:Par:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelossa                           :S:Ine:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelosta                           :S:Ela:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloon                            :S:Ill:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelolla                           :S:Ade:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelolta                           :S:Abl:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelolle                           :S:All:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelona                            :S:Ess:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloksi                           :S:Tra:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelotta                           :S:Abe:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelot                             :P:Nom:                   ydinontelo
ydinontelojen                           :P:Gen:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloiden                          :P:Gen:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloitten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloja                            :P:Par:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloita                           :P:Par:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloissa                          :P:Ine:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloista                          :P:Ela:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloihin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloilla                          :P:Ade:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloilta                          :P:Abl:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloille                          :P:All:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloina                           :P:Ess:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloin                            :P:Ins:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloitta                          :P:Abe:                   ydinontelo
ydinonteloine                           :P:Kom:                   ydinontelo
ydinosa                                 :S:Nom:                   ydinosa
ydinosan                                :S:Gen:                   ydinosa
ydinosaa                                :S:Par:                   ydinosa
ydinosassa                              :S:Ine:                   ydinosa
ydinosasta                              :S:Ela:                   ydinosa
ydinosaan                               :S:Ill:                   ydinosa
ydinosalla                              :S:Ade:                   ydinosa
ydinosalta                              :S:Abl:                   ydinosa
ydinosalle                              :S:All:                   ydinosa
ydinosana                               :S:Ess:                   ydinosa
ydinosaksi                              :S:Tra:                   ydinosa
ydinosatta                              :S:Abe:                   ydinosa
ydinosat                                :P:Nom:                   ydinosa
ydinosien                               :P:Gen:                   ydinosa
ydinosain                               :P:Gen:                   ydinosa
ydinosia                                :P:Par:                   ydinosa
ydinosissa                              :P:Ine:                   ydinosa
ydinosista                              :P:Ela:                   ydinosa
ydinosiin                               :P:Ill:                   ydinosa
ydinosilla                              :P:Ade:                   ydinosa
ydinosilta                              :P:Abl:                   ydinosa
ydinosille                              :P:All:                   ydinosa
ydinosina                               :P:Ess:                   ydinosa
ydinosiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ydinosa
ydinosin                                :P:Ins:                   ydinosa
ydinositta                              :P:Abe:                   ydinosa
ydinosine                               :P:Kom:                   ydinosa
ydinpelote                              :S:Nom:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotetta                           :S:Par:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteessa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteesta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteella                         :S:Ade:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteelta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteelle                         :S:All:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteena                          :S:Ess:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteetta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteet                           :P:Nom:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteiden                         :P:Gen:                   ydinpelote
ydinpeloteitten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteita                          :P:Par:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteille                         :P:All:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelottein                           :P:Ins:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinpelote
ydinpelotteine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinpelote
ydinperhe                               :S:Nom:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheen                             :S:Gen:                   ydinperhe
ydinperhettä                            :S:Par:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheessä                           :S:Ine:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheestä                           :S:Ela:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheeseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheellä                           :S:Ade:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheeltä                           :S:Abl:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheelle                           :S:All:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheenä                            :S:Ess:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheettä                           :S:Abe:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheet                             :P:Nom:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheiden                           :P:Gen:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheitten                          :P:Gen:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheitä                            :P:Par:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheissä                           :P:Ine:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheistä                           :P:Ela:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheillä                           :P:Ade:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheille                           :P:All:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheinä                            :P:Ess:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinperhe
ydinperhein                             :P:Ins:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheittä                           :P:Abe:                   ydinperhe
ydinperheine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinperhe
ydinpolttoaine                          :S:Nom:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineen                        :S:Gen:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoainetta                       :S:Par:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineessa                      :S:Ine:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineesta                      :S:Ela:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineeseen                     :S:Ill:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineella                      :S:Ade:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineelta                      :S:Abl:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineelle                      :S:All:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineena                       :S:Ess:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineetta                      :S:Abe:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineet                        :P:Nom:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineiden                      :P:Gen:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineitten                     :P:Gen:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineita                       :P:Par:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineissa                      :P:Ine:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineista                      :P:Ela:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineisiin                     :P:Ill:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineihin                      :P:Ill:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineilla                      :P:Ade:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineilta                      :P:Abl:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineille                      :P:All:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineina                       :P:Ess:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoainein                        :P:Ins:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineitta                      :P:Abe:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpolttoaineine                       :P:Kom:                   ydinpolttoaine
ydinpommi                               :S:Nom:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommin                              :S:Gen:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommia                              :S:Par:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommissa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommista                            :S:Ela:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommiin                             :S:Ill:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommilla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommilta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommille                            :S:All:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommina                             :S:Ess:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommiksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommitta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommit                              :P:Nom:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommien                             :P:Gen:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeja                             :P:Par:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeille                           :P:All:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommein                             :P:Ins:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommeine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinpommi
ydinpommittaja                          :S:Nom:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajan                         :S:Gen:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajaa                         :S:Par:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajassa                       :S:Ine:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajasta                       :S:Ela:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajaan                        :S:Ill:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajalla                       :S:Ade:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajalta                       :S:Abl:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajalle                       :S:All:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajana                        :S:Ess:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajaksi                       :S:Tra:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajatta                       :S:Abe:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajat                         :P:Nom:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajien                        :P:Gen:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajain                        :P:Gen:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajia                         :P:Par:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajissa                       :P:Ine:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajista                       :P:Ela:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajiin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajilla                       :P:Ade:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajilta                       :P:Abl:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajille                       :P:All:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajina                        :P:Ess:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajin                         :P:Ins:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajitta                       :P:Abe:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpommittajine                        :P:Kom:                   ydinpommittaja
ydinpua                                 :S:Nom:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuan                                :S:Gen:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuata                               :S:Par:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuassa                              :S:Ine:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuasta                              :S:Ela:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuuhun                              :S:Ill:                   ydinpuu
ydinpualla                              :S:Ade:                   ydinpuu
ydinpualta                              :S:Abl:                   ydinpuu
ydinpualle                              :S:All:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuana                               :S:Ess:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuaksi                              :S:Tra:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuatta                              :S:Abe:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuat                                :P:Nom:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuiden                              :P:Gen:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuitten                             :P:Gen:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuita                               :P:Par:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuissa                              :P:Ine:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuista                              :P:Ela:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuihin                              :P:Ill:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuilla                              :P:Ade:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuilta                              :P:Abl:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuille                              :P:All:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuina                               :P:Ess:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuin                                :P:Ins:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuitta                              :P:Abe:                   ydinpuu
ydinpuine                               :P:Kom:                   ydinpuu
ydinreaktio                             :S:Nom:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktion                            :S:Gen:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiota                           :S:Par:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiossa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiosta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioon                           :S:Ill:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiolla                          :S:Ade:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiolta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiolle                          :S:All:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiona                           :S:Ess:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiotta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktiot                            :P:Nom:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioiden                         :P:Gen:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioitten                        :P:Gen:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioita                          :P:Par:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioille                         :P:All:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktioine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinreaktio
ydinreaktori                            :S:Nom:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorin                           :S:Gen:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoria                           :S:Par:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorissa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorista                         :S:Ela:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoriin                          :S:Ill:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorilla                         :S:Ade:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorilta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorille                         :S:All:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorina                          :S:Ess:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoriksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoritta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorit                           :P:Nom:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorien                          :P:Gen:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreiden                        :P:Gen:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreitten                       :P:Gen:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreja                          :P:Par:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreita                         :P:Par:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreissa                        :P:Ine:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreista                        :P:Ela:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreihin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreilla                        :P:Ade:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreilta                        :P:Abl:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreille                        :P:All:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreina                         :P:Ess:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktorein                          :P:Ins:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreitta                        :P:Abe:                   ydinreaktori
ydinreaktoreine                         :P:Kom:                   ydinreaktori
ydinräjähde                             :S:Nom:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähdettä                          :S:Par:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteessä                         :S:Ine:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteestä                         :S:Ela:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteellä                         :S:Ade:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteeltä                         :S:Abl:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteelle                         :S:All:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteenä                          :S:Ess:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteettä                         :S:Abe:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteet                           :P:Nom:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteiden                         :P:Gen:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähdeitten                        :P:Gen:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteitä                          :P:Par:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteissä                         :P:Ine:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteistä                         :P:Ela:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteillä                         :P:Ade:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteille                         :P:All:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteinä                          :P:Ess:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähtein                           :P:Ins:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteittä                         :P:Abe:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähteine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinräjähde
ydinräjähdelataus                       :S:Nom:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksen                    :S:Gen:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatausta                     :S:Par:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksessa                  :S:Ine:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksesta                  :S:Ela:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelataukseen                   :S:Ill:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksella                  :S:Ade:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelataukselta                  :S:Abl:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelataukselle                  :S:All:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksena                   :S:Ess:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelataukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksetta                  :S:Abe:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelataukset                    :P:Nom:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatausten                    :P:Gen:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksien                   :P:Gen:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksia                    :P:Par:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksista                  :P:Ela:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksille                  :P:All:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksina                   :P:Ess:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksin                    :P:Ins:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdelatauksine                   :P:Kom:                   ydinräjähdelataus
ydinräjähdys                            :S:Nom:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksen                         :S:Gen:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdystä                          :S:Par:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdykseen                        :S:Ill:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdykselle                       :S:All:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdykset                         :P:Nom:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdysten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksien                        :P:Gen:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksiä                         :P:Par:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksille                       :P:All:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksin                         :P:Ins:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjähdyksine                        :P:Kom:                   ydinräjähdys
ydinräjäytys                            :S:Nom:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksen                         :S:Gen:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytystä                          :S:Par:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytykseen                        :S:Ill:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytykselle                       :S:All:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytykset                         :P:Nom:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytysten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksien                        :P:Gen:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksiä                         :P:Par:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksille                       :P:All:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksin                         :P:Ins:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinräjäytyksine                        :P:Kom:                   ydinräjäytys
ydinsaaste                              :S:Nom:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteen                            :S:Gen:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaastetta                           :S:Par:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteessa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteesta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteella                          :S:Ade:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteelta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteelle                          :S:All:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteena                           :S:Ess:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteetta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteet                            :P:Nom:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteiden                          :P:Gen:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteitten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteita                           :P:Par:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteissa                          :P:Ine:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteista                          :P:Ela:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteilla                          :P:Ade:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteilta                          :P:Abl:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteille                          :P:All:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteina                           :P:Ess:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaastein                            :P:Ins:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteitta                          :P:Abe:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsaasteine                           :P:Kom:                   ydinsaaste
ydinsisällys                            :S:Nom:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksen                         :S:Gen:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällystä                          :S:Par:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällykseen                        :S:Ill:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällykselle                       :S:All:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällykset                         :P:Nom:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällysten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksien                        :P:Gen:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksiä                         :P:Par:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksille                       :P:All:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksin                         :P:Ins:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisällyksine                        :P:Kom:                   ydinsisällys
ydinsisältö                             :S:Nom:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällön                            :S:Gen:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisältöä                            :S:Par:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällössä                          :S:Ine:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöstä                          :S:Ela:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisältöön                           :S:Ill:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöllä                          :S:Ade:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöltä                          :S:Abl:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällölle                          :S:All:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisältönä                           :S:Ess:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöttä                          :S:Abe:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöt                            :P:Nom:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisältöjen                          :P:Gen:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisältöjä                           :P:Par:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöissä                         :P:Ine:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöistä                         :P:Ela:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisältöihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöillä                         :P:Ade:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöille                         :P:All:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisältöinä                          :P:Ess:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisällöittä                         :P:Abe:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsisältöine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinsisältö
ydinsolu                                :S:Nom:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolun                               :S:Gen:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolua                               :S:Par:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolussa                             :S:Ine:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolusta                             :S:Ela:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluun                              :S:Ill:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolulla                             :S:Ade:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolulta                             :S:Abl:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolulle                             :S:All:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluna                              :S:Ess:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluksi                             :S:Tra:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolutta                             :S:Abe:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolut                               :P:Nom:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolujen                             :P:Gen:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluja                              :P:Par:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluista                            :P:Ela:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluihin                            :P:Ill:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluille                            :P:All:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluina                             :P:Ess:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluin                              :P:Ins:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluitta                            :P:Abe:                   ydinsolu
ydinsoluine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinsolu
ydinsolukko                             :S:Nom:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukon                             :S:Gen:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukkoa                            :S:Par:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukossa                           :S:Ine:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukosta                           :S:Ela:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukkoon                           :S:Ill:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukolla                           :S:Ade:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukolta                           :S:Abl:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukolle                           :S:All:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukkona                           :S:Ess:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoksi                           :S:Tra:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukotta                           :S:Abe:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukot                             :P:Nom:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukkojen                          :P:Gen:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoiden                          :P:Gen:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoitten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukkoja                           :P:Par:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoita                           :P:Par:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoissa                          :P:Ine:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoista                          :P:Ela:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukkoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoihin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoilla                          :P:Ade:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoilta                          :P:Abl:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoille                          :P:All:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukkoina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoin                            :P:Ins:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoitta                          :P:Abe:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsolukoine                           :P:Kom:                   ydinsolukko
ydinsota                                :S:Nom:                   ydinsota
ydinsodan                               :S:Gen:                   ydinsota
ydinsotaa                               :S:Par:                   ydinsota
ydinsodassa                             :S:Ine:                   ydinsota
ydinsodasta                             :S:Ela:                   ydinsota
ydinsotaan                              :S:Ill:                   ydinsota
ydinsodalla                             :S:Ade:                   ydinsota
ydinsodalta                             :S:Abl:                   ydinsota
ydinsodalle                             :S:All:                   ydinsota
ydinsotana                              :S:Ess:                   ydinsota
ydinsodaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ydinsota
ydinsodatta                             :S:Abe:                   ydinsota
ydinsodat                               :P:Nom:                   ydinsota
ydinsotien                              :P:Gen:                   ydinsota
ydinsotain                              :P:Gen:                   ydinsota
ydinsotia                               :P:Par:                   ydinsota
ydinsodissa                             :P:Ine:                   ydinsota
ydinsodista                             :P:Ela:                   ydinsota
ydinsotiin                              :P:Ill:                   ydinsota
ydinsodilla                             :P:Ade:                   ydinsota
ydinsodilta                             :P:Abl:                   ydinsota
ydinsodille                             :P:All:                   ydinsota
ydinsotina                              :P:Ess:                   ydinsota
ydinsodiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ydinsota
ydinsodin                               :P:Ins:                   ydinsota
ydinsoditta                             :P:Abe:                   ydinsota
ydinsotine                              :P:Kom:                   ydinsota
ydinsukellusvene                        :S:Nom:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneen                      :S:Gen:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusvenettä                     :S:Par:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneessä                    :S:Ine:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneestä                    :S:Ela:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneeseen                   :S:Ill:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneellä                    :S:Ade:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneeltä                    :S:Abl:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneelle                    :S:All:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneenä                     :S:Ess:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneeksi                    :S:Tra:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneettä                    :S:Abe:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneet                      :P:Nom:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneiden                    :P:Gen:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneitten                   :P:Gen:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneitä                     :P:Par:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneissä                    :P:Ine:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneistä                    :P:Ela:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneisiin                   :P:Ill:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneihin                    :P:Ill:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneillä                    :P:Ade:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneille                    :P:All:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneinä                     :P:Ess:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusvenein                      :P:Ins:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneittä                    :P:Abe:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsukellusveneine                     :P:Kom:                   ydinsukellusvene
ydinsulkusopimus                        :S:Nom:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksen                     :S:Gen:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimusta                      :S:Par:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksessa                   :S:Ine:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksesta                   :S:Ela:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimukseen                    :S:Ill:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksella                   :S:Ade:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimukselta                   :S:Abl:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimukselle                   :S:All:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksena                    :S:Ess:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimukseksi                   :S:Tra:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksetta                   :S:Abe:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimukset                     :P:Nom:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimusten                     :P:Gen:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksien                    :P:Gen:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksia                     :P:Par:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksista                   :P:Ela:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksille                   :P:All:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksina                    :P:Ess:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksin                     :P:Ins:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsulkusopimuksine                    :P:Kom:                   ydinsulkusopimus
ydinsähkö                               :S:Nom:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähkön                              :S:Gen:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköä                              :S:Par:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähkössä                            :S:Ine:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköstä                            :S:Ela:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköön                             :S:Ill:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköllä                            :S:Ade:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköltä                            :S:Abl:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähkölle                            :S:All:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähkönä                             :S:Ess:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköttä                            :S:Abe:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköt                              :P:Nom:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköjen                            :P:Gen:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköjä                             :P:Par:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköissä                           :P:Ine:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköistä                           :P:Ela:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköillä                           :P:Ade:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköille                           :P:All:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköinä                            :P:Ess:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköin                             :P:Ins:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköittä                           :P:Abe:                   ydinsähkö
ydinsähköine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinsähkö
ydintaistelukärki                       :S:Nom:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjen                      :S:Gen:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärkeä                      :S:Par:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjessä                    :S:Ine:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjestä                    :S:Ela:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärkeen                     :S:Ill:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjellä                    :S:Ade:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjeltä                    :S:Abl:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjelle                    :S:All:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärkenä                     :S:Ess:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjeksi                    :S:Tra:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjettä                    :S:Abe:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjet                      :P:Nom:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärkien                     :P:Gen:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärkiä                      :P:Par:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjissä                    :P:Ine:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjistä                    :P:Ela:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärkiin                     :P:Ill:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjillä                    :P:Ade:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjille                    :P:All:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärkinä                     :P:Ess:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjin                      :P:Ins:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärjittä                    :P:Abe:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintaistelukärkine                     :P:Kom:                   ydintaistelukärki
ydintalvi                               :S:Nom:                   ydintalvi
ydintalven                              :S:Gen:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvea                              :S:Par:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvessa                            :S:Ine:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvesta                            :S:Ela:                   ydintalvi
ydintalveen                             :S:Ill:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvella                            :S:Ade:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvelta                            :S:Abl:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvelle                            :S:All:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvena                             :S:Ess:                   ydintalvi
ydintalveksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvetta                            :S:Abe:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvet                              :P:Nom:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvien                             :P:Gen:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvia                              :P:Par:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvista                            :P:Ela:                   ydintalvi
ydintalviin                             :P:Ill:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydintalvi
ydintalville                            :P:All:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvina                             :P:Ess:                   ydintalvi
ydintalviksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvin                              :P:Ins:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvitta                            :P:Abe:                   ydintalvi
ydintalvine                             :P:Kom:                   ydintalvi
ydintekniikka                           :S:Nom:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikan                           :S:Gen:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikkaa                          :S:Par:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikassa                         :S:Ine:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikasta                         :S:Ela:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikkaan                         :S:Ill:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikalla                         :S:Ade:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikalta                         :S:Abl:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikalle                         :S:All:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikkana                         :S:Ess:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikatta                         :S:Abe:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikat                           :P:Nom:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoiden                        :P:Gen:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoitten                       :P:Gen:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikkojen                        :P:Gen:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikkain                         :P:Gen:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoita                         :P:Par:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikkoja                         :P:Par:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoista                        :P:Ela:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikkoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoille                        :P:All:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoina                         :P:Ess:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoin                          :P:Ins:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekniikoine                         :P:Kom:                   ydintekniikka
ydintekninen                            :S:Nom:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisen                            :S:Gen:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknistä                            :S:Par:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisessä                          :S:Ine:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisestä                          :S:Ela:                   ydintekninen
ydintekniseen                           :S:Ill:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisellä                          :S:Ade:                   ydintekninen
ydintekniseltä                          :S:Abl:                   ydintekninen
ydintekniselle                          :S:All:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisenä                           :S:Ess:                   ydintekninen
ydintekniseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisettä                          :S:Abe:                   ydintekninen
ydintekniset                            :P:Nom:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisten                           :P:Gen:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisin                            :P:Gen:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisiä                            :P:Par:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisissä                          :P:Ine:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisistä                          :P:Ela:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisillä                          :P:Ade:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisille                          :P:All:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisinä                           :P:Ess:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisin                            :P:Ins:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisittä                          :P:Abe:                   ydintekninen
ydinteknisine                           :P:Kom:                   ydintekninen
ydintutkimus                            :S:Nom:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksen                         :S:Gen:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimusta                          :S:Par:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimukseen                        :S:Ill:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksella                       :S:Ade:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimukselta                       :S:Abl:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimukselle                       :S:All:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksena                        :S:Ess:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimukset                         :P:Nom:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimusten                         :P:Gen:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksien                        :P:Gen:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksia                         :P:Par:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksista                       :P:Ela:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksille                       :P:All:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksina                        :P:Ess:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksin                         :P:Ins:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   ydintutkimus
ydintutkimuksine                        :P:Kom:                   ydintutkimus
ydinvalta                               :S:Nom:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallan                              :S:Gen:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltaa                              :S:Par:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallassa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallasta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltaan                             :S:Ill:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallalla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallalta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallalle                            :S:All:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltana                             :S:Ess:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallatta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinvalta
ydinvallat                              :P:Nom:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltojen                            :P:Gen:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltain                             :P:Gen:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltoja                             :P:Par:                   ydinvalta
ydinvalloissa                           :P:Ine:                   ydinvalta
ydinvalloista                           :P:Ela:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ydinvalta
ydinvalloilla                           :P:Ade:                   ydinvalta
ydinvalloilta                           :P:Abl:                   ydinvalta
ydinvalloille                           :P:All:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltoina                            :P:Ess:                   ydinvalta
ydinvalloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ydinvalta
ydinvalloin                             :P:Ins:                   ydinvalta
ydinvalloitta                           :P:Abe:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltoine                            :P:Kom:                   ydinvalta
ydinvaltio                              :S:Nom:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltion                             :S:Gen:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiota                            :S:Par:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiossa                           :S:Ine:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiosta                           :S:Ela:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioon                            :S:Ill:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiolla                           :S:Ade:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiolta                           :S:Abl:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiolle                           :S:All:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiona                            :S:Ess:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioksi                           :S:Tra:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiotta                           :S:Abe:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltiot                             :P:Nom:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioiden                          :P:Gen:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioitten                         :P:Gen:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioita                           :P:Par:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioissa                          :P:Ine:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioista                          :P:Ela:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioihin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioilla                          :P:Ade:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioilta                          :P:Abl:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioille                          :P:All:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioina                           :P:Ess:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioin                            :P:Ins:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioitta                          :P:Abe:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaltioine                           :P:Kom:                   ydinvaltio
ydinvaraus                              :S:Nom:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksen                           :S:Gen:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarausta                            :S:Par:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvaraukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksella                         :S:Ade:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvaraukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvaraukselle                         :S:All:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksena                          :S:Ess:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvaraukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvaraukset                           :P:Nom:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarausten                           :P:Gen:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksien                          :P:Gen:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksia                           :P:Par:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksille                         :P:All:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarauksine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinvaraus
ydinvarustelu                           :S:Nom:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelun                          :S:Gen:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelua                          :S:Par:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelussa                        :S:Ine:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelusta                        :S:Ela:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluun                         :S:Ill:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelulla                        :S:Ade:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelulta                        :S:Abl:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelulle                        :S:All:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluna                         :S:Ess:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluksi                        :S:Tra:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelutta                        :S:Abe:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelut                          :P:Nom:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarustelujen                        :P:Gen:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluiden                       :P:Gen:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluitten                      :P:Gen:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluja                         :P:Par:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluita                        :P:Par:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluissa                       :P:Ine:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluista                       :P:Ela:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluihin                       :P:Ill:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluilla                       :P:Ade:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluilta                       :P:Abl:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluille                       :P:All:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluina                        :P:Ess:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluin                         :P:Ins:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluitta                       :P:Abe:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvarusteluine                        :P:Kom:                   ydinvarustelu
ydinvoima                               :S:Nom:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoiman                              :S:Gen:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimaa                              :S:Par:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimassa                            :S:Ine:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimasta                            :S:Ela:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimaan                             :S:Ill:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimalla                            :S:Ade:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimalta                            :S:Abl:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimalle                            :S:All:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimana                             :S:Ess:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimatta                            :S:Abe:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimat                              :P:Nom:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimien                             :P:Gen:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimain                             :P:Gen:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimia                              :P:Par:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimissa                            :P:Ine:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimista                            :P:Ela:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimiin                             :P:Ill:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimilla                            :P:Ade:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimilta                            :P:Abl:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimille                            :P:All:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimina                             :P:Ess:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimin                              :P:Ins:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimitta                            :P:Abe:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimine                             :P:Kom:                   ydinvoima
ydinvoimala                             :S:Nom:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalan                            :S:Gen:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalaa                            :S:Par:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalassa                          :S:Ine:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalasta                          :S:Ela:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalaan                           :S:Ill:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalalla                          :S:Ade:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalalta                          :S:Abl:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalalle                          :S:All:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalana                           :S:Ess:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalatta                          :S:Abe:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalat                            :P:Nom:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloiden                         :P:Gen:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloitten                        :P:Gen:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimalain                           :P:Gen:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloita                          :P:Par:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloissa                         :P:Ine:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloista                         :P:Ela:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloihin                         :P:Ill:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloilla                         :P:Ade:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloilta                         :P:Abl:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloille                         :P:All:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloina                          :P:Ess:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloin                           :P:Ins:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloitta                         :P:Abe:                   ydinvoimala
ydinvoimaloine                          :P:Kom:                   ydinvoimala
yhdeksikkö                              :S:Nom:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikön                              :S:Gen:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikköä                             :S:Par:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikössä                            :S:Ine:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköstä                            :S:Ela:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikköön                            :S:Ill:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköllä                            :S:Ade:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköltä                            :S:Abl:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikölle                            :S:All:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikkönä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköttä                            :S:Abe:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköt                              :P:Nom:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikköjen                           :P:Gen:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköiden                           :P:Gen:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköitten                          :P:Gen:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikköjä                            :P:Par:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköitä                            :P:Par:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikköihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköihin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköille                           :P:All:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksikköinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksiköine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdeksikkö
yhdeksäinen                             :S:Nom:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisen                             :S:Gen:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäistä                             :S:Par:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäiselle                           :S:All:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäiset                             :P:Nom:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisten                            :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisin                             :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisiä                             :P:Par:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisille                           :P:All:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksäisine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdeksäinen
yhdeksää                                :S:Nom:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksään                               :S:Gen:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäää                               :S:Par:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäässä                             :S:Ine:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäästä                             :S:Ela:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäään                              :S:Ill:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäällä                             :S:Ade:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäältä                             :S:Abl:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäälle                             :S:All:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäänä                              :S:Ess:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksääksi                             :S:Tra:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäättä                             :S:Abe:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäät                               :P:Nom:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäien                              :P:Gen:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksääin                              :P:Gen:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäiä                               :P:Par:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäissä                             :P:Ine:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäistä                             :P:Ela:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäiin                              :P:Ill:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäillä                             :P:Ade:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäille                             :P:All:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäinä                              :P:Ess:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäin                               :P:Ins:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäittä                             :P:Abe:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksäine                              :P:Kom:                   yhdeksän
yhdeksänkertainen                       :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisen                       :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaista                       :S:Par:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisessa                     :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisesta                     :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaiseen                      :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisella                     :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaiselta                     :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaiselle                     :S:All:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisena                      :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaiseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisetta                     :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaiset                       :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisten                      :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisin                       :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisia                       :P:Par:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisista                     :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisille                     :P:All:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisina                      :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisin                       :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkertaisine                      :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänkertainen
yhdeksänkymmenluku                      :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvun                     :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenlukua                     :S:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvussa                   :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvusta                   :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenlukuun                    :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvulla                   :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvulta                   :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvulle                   :S:All:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenlukuna                    :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuksi                   :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvutta                   :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvut                     :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenlukujen                   :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenlukuja                    :P:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuissa                  :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuista                  :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenlukuihin                  :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuilla                  :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuilta                  :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuille                  :P:All:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenlukuina                   :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuin                    :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenluvuitta                  :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmenlukuine                   :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänkymmenluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluku                    :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvun                   :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentälukua                   :S:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvussa                 :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvusta                 :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentälukuun                  :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvulla                 :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvulta                 :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvulle                 :S:All:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentälukuna                  :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuksi                 :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvutta                 :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvut                   :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentälukujen                 :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentälukuja                  :P:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuissa                :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuista                :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentälukuihin                :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuilla                :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuilta                :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuille                :P:All:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentälukuina                 :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuin                  :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentäluvuitta                :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentälukuine                 :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänkymmentäluku
yhdeksänkymmentävuotias                 :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaan                :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiasta               :S:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaassa              :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaasta              :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaaseen             :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaalla              :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaalta              :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaalle              :S:All:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaana               :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaaksi              :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaatta              :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaat                :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaiden              :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaitten             :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaita               :P:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaissa              :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaista              :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaisiin             :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiailla              :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiailta              :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaille              :P:All:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaina               :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaiksi              :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiain                :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaitta              :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmentävuotiaine               :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänkymmentävuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotias                   :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaan                  :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiasta                 :S:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaassa                :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaasta                :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaaseen               :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaalla                :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaalta                :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaalle                :S:All:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaana                 :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaaksi                :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaatta                :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaat                  :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaiden                :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaitten               :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaita                 :P:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaissa                :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaista                :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaisiin               :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiailla                :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiailta                :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaille                :P:All:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaina                 :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiain                  :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaitta                :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiaine                 :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotias
yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen                  :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisen                  :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotista                  :S:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisessa                :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisesta                :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiseen                 :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisella                :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiselta                :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiselle                :S:All:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisena                 :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiseksi                :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisetta                :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotiset                  :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisten                 :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisin                  :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisia                  :P:Par:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisissa                :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisista                :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisiin                 :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisilla                :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisilta                :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisille                :P:All:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisina                 :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisin                  :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisitta                :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänkymmenvuotisine                 :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänkymmenvuotinen
yhdeksänluokkainen                      :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisen                      :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaista                      :S:Par:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisessa                    :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisesta                    :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaiseen                     :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisella                    :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaiselta                    :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaiselle                    :S:All:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisena                     :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaiseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisetta                    :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaiset                      :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisten                     :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisin                      :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisia                      :P:Par:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisista                    :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisille                    :P:All:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisina                     :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisin                      :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksänluokkaisine                     :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänluokkainen
yhdeksännes                             :S:Nom:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksen                          :S:Gen:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksännestä                           :S:Par:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksessä                        :S:Ine:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksestä                        :S:Ela:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksännekseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksellä                        :S:Ade:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksännekseltä                        :S:Abl:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksännekselle                        :S:All:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksenä                         :S:Ess:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksännekseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksettä                        :S:Abe:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksännekset                          :P:Nom:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksännesten                          :P:Gen:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksien                         :P:Gen:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksiä                          :P:Par:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksille                        :P:All:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksin                          :P:Ins:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänneksine                         :P:Kom:                   yhdeksännes
yhdeksänsadan                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadamme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadatte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatavat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadetaan                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsada                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsada                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsada                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsada                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsada                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsada                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadeta                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadoin                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadoit                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatoi                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadoimme                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadoitte                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatoivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettaneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettane                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettaisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettaisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsada                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatakaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatakaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatakoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettakoon                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsada                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettako                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataa                           :Inf1:                    yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettaessa                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatamassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatamasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatamaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatamalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatamatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettaman                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatamista                       :Inf4:Par:                yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatamaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatava                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettava                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatama                          :Cip:Age:                 yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatamaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsatanut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsataneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksänsadettu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksänsataa
yhdeksäntoistasadan                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadat                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataa                     :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadamme                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadatte                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatavat                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadetaan                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasada                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasada                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasada                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasada                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasada                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasada                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadeta                    :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadoin                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadoit                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatoi                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadoimme                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadoitte                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatoivat                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettiin                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanen                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanet                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanee                   :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanemme                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanette                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanevat                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettaneen               :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatane                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatane                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatane                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatane                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatane                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatane                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettane                 :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisin                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisit                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisi                   :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisimme                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisitte                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisivat                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettaisiin              :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisi                   :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisi                   :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisi                   :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisi                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisi                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataisi                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettaisi                :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasada                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatakoon                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatakaamme                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatakaa                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatakoot                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettakoon               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasada                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatako                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatako                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatako                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatako                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettako                 :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataa                     :Inf1:                    yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataakseen                :Inf1:L:                  yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataessa                  :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettaessa               :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataen                    :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatamassa                 :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatamasta                 :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatamaan                  :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatamalla                 :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatamatta                 :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataman                   :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettaman                :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataminen                 :Inf4:Nom:                yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatamista                 :Inf4:Par:                yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatamaisillaan            :Inf5:                    yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatava                    :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettava                 :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatama                    :Cip:Age:                 yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatamaton                 :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasatanut                   :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasataneet                  :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistasadettu                   :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdeksäntoistasataa
yhdeksäntoistavuotias                   :S:Nom:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaan                  :S:Gen:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiasta                 :S:Par:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaassa                :S:Ine:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaasta                :S:Ela:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaaseen               :S:Ill:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaalla                :S:Ade:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaalta                :S:Abl:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaalle                :S:All:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaana                 :S:Ess:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaaksi                :S:Tra:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaatta                :S:Abe:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaat                  :P:Nom:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaiden                :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaitten               :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaita                 :P:Par:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaissa                :P:Ine:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaista                :P:Ela:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaisiin               :P:Ill:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiailla                :P:Ade:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiailta                :P:Abl:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaille                :P:All:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaina                 :P:Ess:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiain                  :P:Ins:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaitta                :P:Abe:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksäntoistavuotiaine                 :P:Kom:                   yhdeksäntoistavuotias
yhdeksänvuotias                         :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaan                        :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiasta                       :S:Par:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaassa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaasta                      :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaaseen                     :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaalla                      :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaalta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaalle                      :S:All:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaana                       :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaatta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaat                        :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaiden                      :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaitten                     :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaita                       :P:Par:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaista                      :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiailla                      :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiailta                      :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaille                      :P:All:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaina                       :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiain                        :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotiaine                       :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänvuotias
yhdeksänvuotinen                        :S:Nom:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisen                        :S:Gen:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotista                        :S:Par:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotiseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisella                      :S:Ade:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotiselta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotiselle                      :S:All:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisena                       :S:Ess:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotiset                        :P:Nom:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisten                       :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisin                        :P:Gen:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisia                        :P:Par:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisista                      :P:Ela:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisille                      :P:All:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisina                       :P:Ess:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisin                        :P:Ins:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksänvuotisine                       :P:Kom:                   yhdeksänvuotinen
yhdeksäs                                :S:Nom:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksännen                             :S:Gen:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksättä                              :S:Par:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksännessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksännestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänteen                            :S:Ill:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksännellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänneltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksännelle                           :S:All:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksäntenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänneksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksännettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksännet                             :P:Nom:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsiä                             :P:Par:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsille                           :P:All:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksänsine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdeksäs
yhdeksäskymmenes                        :S:Nom:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenennen                     :S:Gen:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenettä                      :S:Par:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenennessä                   :S:Ine:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenennestä                   :S:Ela:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenenteen                    :S:Ill:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenennellä                   :S:Ade:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenenneltä                   :S:Abl:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenennelle                   :S:All:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenentenä                    :S:Ess:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenenneksi                   :S:Tra:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenennettä                   :S:Abe:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenennet                     :P:Nom:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensien                    :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensiä                     :P:Par:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensissä                   :P:Ine:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensistä                   :P:Ela:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensiin                    :P:Ill:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensillä                   :P:Ade:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensiltä                   :P:Abl:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensille                   :P:All:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensinä                    :P:Ess:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensin                     :P:Ins:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensittä                   :P:Abe:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäskymmenensine                    :P:Kom:                   yhdeksäskymmenes
yhdeksäsluokkalainen                    :S:Nom:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisen                    :S:Gen:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaista                    :S:Par:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisessa                  :S:Ine:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisesta                  :S:Ela:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaiseen                   :S:Ill:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisella                  :S:Ade:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaiselta                  :S:Abl:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaiselle                  :S:All:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisena                   :S:Ess:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaiseksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisetta                  :S:Abe:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaiset                    :P:Nom:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisten                   :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisin                    :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisia                    :P:Par:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisissa                  :P:Ine:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisista                  :P:Ela:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisiin                   :P:Ill:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisilla                  :P:Ade:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisilta                  :P:Abl:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisille                  :P:All:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisina                   :P:Ess:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisin                    :P:Ins:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisitta                  :P:Abe:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsluokkalaisine                   :P:Kom:                   yhdeksäsluokkalainen
yhdeksäsosa                             :S:Nom:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosan                            :S:Gen:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosaa                            :S:Par:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosassa                          :S:Ine:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosasta                          :S:Ela:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosaan                           :S:Ill:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosalla                          :S:Ade:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosalta                          :S:Abl:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosalle                          :S:All:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosana                           :S:Ess:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosatta                          :S:Abe:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosat                            :P:Nom:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosien                           :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosain                           :P:Gen:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosia                            :P:Par:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosista                          :P:Ela:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosille                          :P:All:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosina                           :P:Ess:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosin                            :P:Ins:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsositta                          :P:Abe:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksäsosine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdeksäsosa
yhdeksässadas                           :S:Nom:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadannen                        :S:Gen:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadatta                         :S:Par:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadannessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadannesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadanteen                       :S:Ill:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadannella                      :S:Ade:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadannelta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadannelle                      :S:All:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadantena                       :S:Ess:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadanneksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadannetta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadannet                        :P:Nom:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansien                       :P:Gen:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansia                        :P:Par:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansista                      :P:Ela:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansille                      :P:All:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansina                       :P:Ess:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansin                        :P:Ins:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdeksässadansine                       :P:Kom:                   yhdeksässadas
yhdelmä                                 :S:Nom:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmän                                :S:Gen:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmää                                :S:Par:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmässä                              :S:Ine:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmästä                              :S:Ela:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmään                               :S:Ill:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmällä                              :S:Ade:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmältä                              :S:Abl:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmälle                              :S:All:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmänä                               :S:Ess:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmättä                              :S:Abe:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmät                                :P:Nom:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmien                               :P:Gen:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmäin                               :P:Gen:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmiä                                :P:Par:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmissä                              :P:Ine:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmistä                              :P:Ela:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmiin                               :P:Ill:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmillä                              :P:Ade:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmille                              :P:All:                   yhdelmä
yhdelminä                               :P:Ess:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmin                                :P:Ins:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmittä                              :P:Abe:                   yhdelmä
yhdelmine                               :P:Kom:                   yhdelmä
yhdenarvoinen                           :S:Nom:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisen                           :S:Gen:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoista                           :S:Par:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisella                         :S:Ade:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoiselle                         :S:All:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisena                          :S:Ess:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoiset                           :P:Nom:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisten                          :P:Gen:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisin                           :P:Gen:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisia                           :P:Par:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisista                         :P:Ela:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisille                         :P:All:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisina                          :P:Ess:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisin                           :P:Ins:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenarvoisine                          :P:Kom:                   yhdenarvoinen
yhdenikäinen                            :S:Nom:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisen                            :S:Gen:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäistä                            :S:Par:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäiselle                          :S:All:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäiset                            :P:Nom:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisten                           :P:Gen:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisin                            :P:Gen:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisiä                            :P:Par:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisille                          :P:All:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisin                            :P:Ins:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenikäisine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdenikäinen
yhdenjaksoinen                          :S:Nom:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisen                          :S:Gen:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoista                          :S:Par:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisella                        :S:Ade:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoiselle                        :S:All:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisena                         :S:Ess:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoiset                          :P:Nom:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisten                         :P:Gen:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisin                          :P:Gen:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisia                          :P:Par:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisista                        :P:Ela:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisille                        :P:All:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisina                         :P:Ess:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisin                          :P:Ins:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenjaksoisine                         :P:Kom:                   yhdenjaksoinen
yhdenkertainen                          :S:Nom:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaista                          :S:Par:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaiselle                        :S:All:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisia                          :P:Par:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisille                        :P:All:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenkertaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yhdenkertainen
yhdenlaatuinen                          :S:Nom:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisen                          :S:Gen:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuista                          :S:Par:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisella                        :S:Ade:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuiselle                        :S:All:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisena                         :S:Ess:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuiset                          :P:Nom:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisten                         :P:Gen:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisin                          :P:Gen:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisia                          :P:Par:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisista                        :P:Ela:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisille                        :P:All:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisina                         :P:Ess:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisin                          :P:Ins:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlaatuisine                         :P:Kom:                   yhdenlaatuinen
yhdenlainen                             :S:Nom:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisen                             :S:Gen:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaista                             :S:Par:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisella                           :S:Ade:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaiselle                           :S:All:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisena                            :S:Ess:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaiset                             :P:Nom:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisten                            :P:Gen:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisin                             :P:Gen:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisia                             :P:Par:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisista                           :P:Ela:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisille                           :P:All:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisina                            :P:Ess:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenlaisine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdenlainen
yhdenmukainen                           :S:Nom:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisen                           :S:Gen:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaista                           :S:Par:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisella                         :S:Ade:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaiselle                         :S:All:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisena                          :S:Ess:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaiset                           :P:Nom:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisten                          :P:Gen:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisin                           :P:Gen:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisia                           :P:Par:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisista                         :P:Ela:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisille                         :P:All:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisina                          :P:Ess:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisin                           :P:Ins:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaisine                          :P:Kom:                   yhdenmukainen
yhdenmukaistan                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaa                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamme                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistatte                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistavat                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistetaan                       :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaisteta                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistin                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistit                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaisti                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistimme                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistitte                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettiin                      :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanen                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanet                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanee                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanemme                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanette                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanevat                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettaneen                    :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettane                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisin                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisit                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisimme                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisitte                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisivat                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettaisiin                   :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettaisi                     :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaista                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistakaamme                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistakaa                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistakoot                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettakoon                    :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaista                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettako                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaa                          :Inf1:                    yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaakseen                     :Inf1:L:                  yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettaessa                    :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaen                         :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamassa                      :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamasta                      :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamaan                       :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamalla                      :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamatta                      :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettaman                     :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaminen                      :Inf4:Nom:                yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamista                      :Inf4:Par:                yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamaisillaan                 :Inf5:                    yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistava                         :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettava                      :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistama                         :Cip:Age:                 yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistamaton                      :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistanut                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistaneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistettu                        :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistaa
yhdenmukaistun                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistut                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumme                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistutte                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuvat                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistutaan                       :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuta                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuin                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuit                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistui                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuimme                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuitte                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuivat                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttiin                      :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunen                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunet                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunee                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunemme                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunette                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunevat                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttaneen                    :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistune                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistune                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistune                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistune                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistune                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistune                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttane                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisin                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisit                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisimme                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisitte                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisivat                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttaisiin                   :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttaisi                     :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistu                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistukoon                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistukaamme                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistukaa                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistukoot                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttakoon                    :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistu                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuko                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuko                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuko                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuko                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttako                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistua                          :Inf1:                    yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuakseen                     :Inf1:L:                  yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttaessa                    :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuen                         :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumassa                      :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumasta                      :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumaan                       :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumalla                      :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumatta                      :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuman                        :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttaman                     :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuminen                      :Inf4:Nom:                yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumista                      :Inf4:Par:                yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumaisillaan                 :Inf5:                    yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuva                         :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttava                      :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuma                         :Cip:Age:                 yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistumaton                      :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistunut                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaistuttu                        :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdenmukaistua
yhdenmukaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmukaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhdenmukaisuus
yhdenmuotoinen                          :S:Nom:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisen                          :S:Gen:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoista                          :S:Par:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisella                        :S:Ade:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoiselle                        :S:All:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisena                         :S:Ess:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoiset                          :P:Nom:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisten                         :P:Gen:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisin                          :P:Gen:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisia                          :P:Par:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisista                        :P:Ela:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisille                        :P:All:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisina                         :P:Ess:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisin                          :P:Ins:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdenmuotoisine                         :P:Kom:                   yhdenmuotoinen
yhdennäköinen                           :S:Nom:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisen                           :S:Gen:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköistä                           :S:Par:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisessä                         :S:Ine:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisestä                         :S:Ela:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisellä                         :S:Ade:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköiselle                         :S:All:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisenä                          :S:Ess:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisettä                         :S:Abe:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköiset                           :P:Nom:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisten                          :P:Gen:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisin                           :P:Gen:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisiä                           :P:Par:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisissä                         :P:Ine:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisistä                         :P:Ela:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisillä                         :P:Ade:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisille                         :P:All:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisinä                          :P:Ess:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisin                           :P:Ins:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisittä                         :P:Abe:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisine                          :P:Kom:                   yhdennäköinen
yhdennäköisyys                          :S:Nom:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyden                        :S:Gen:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyttä                        :S:Par:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyydessä                      :S:Ine:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyydestä                      :S:Ela:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyteen                       :S:Ill:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyydellä                      :S:Ade:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyydeltä                      :S:Abl:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyydelle                      :S:All:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyytenä                       :S:Ess:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyydeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyttä                        :S:Abe:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyydet                        :P:Nom:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksiä                       :P:Par:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksille                     :P:All:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdennäköisyyksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhdennäköisyys
yhdensuuntainen                         :S:Nom:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisen                         :S:Gen:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaista                         :S:Par:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisella                       :S:Ade:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaiselta                       :S:Abl:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaiselle                       :S:All:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisena                        :S:Ess:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaiset                         :P:Nom:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisten                        :P:Gen:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisin                         :P:Gen:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisia                         :P:Par:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisista                       :P:Ela:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisille                       :P:All:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisina                        :P:Ess:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisin                         :P:Ins:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisine                        :P:Kom:                   yhdensuuntainen
yhdensuuntaisaksiooma                   :S:Nom:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksiooman                  :S:Gen:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomaa                  :S:Par:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomassa                :S:Ine:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomasta                :S:Ela:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomaan                 :S:Ill:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomalla                :S:Ade:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomalta                :S:Abl:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomalle                :S:All:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomana                 :S:Ess:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomaksi                :S:Tra:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomatta                :S:Abe:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomat                  :P:Nom:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomien                 :P:Gen:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomain                 :P:Gen:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomia                  :P:Par:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomissa                :P:Ine:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomista                :P:Ela:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomiin                 :P:Ill:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomilla                :P:Ade:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomilta                :P:Abl:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomille                :P:All:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomina                 :P:Ess:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomin                  :P:Ins:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomitta                :P:Abe:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaisaksioomine                 :P:Kom:                   yhdensuuntaisaksiooma
yhdensuuntaistan                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistat                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaa                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamme                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistatte                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistavat                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistetaan                     :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaista                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaista                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaista                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaista                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaista                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaista                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaisteta                       :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistin                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistit                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaisti                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistimme                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistitte                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistivat                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettiin                    :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanen                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanet                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanee                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanemme                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanette                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanevat                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettaneen                  :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistane                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistane                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistane                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistane                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistane                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistane                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettane                    :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisin                     :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisit                     :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisimme                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisitte                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisivat                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettaisiin                 :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettaisi                   :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaista                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistakoon                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistakaamme                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistakaa                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistakoot                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettakoon                  :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaista                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistako                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistako                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistako                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistako                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettako                    :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaa                        :Inf1:                    yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaakseen                   :Inf1:L:                  yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaessa                     :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettaessa                  :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaen                       :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamassa                    :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamasta                    :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamaan                     :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamalla                    :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamatta                    :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaman                      :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettaman                   :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaminen                    :Inf4:Nom:                yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamista                    :Inf4:Par:                yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamaisillaan               :Inf5:                    yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistava                       :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettava                    :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistama                       :Cip:Age:                 yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistamaton                    :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistanut                      :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistaneet                     :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistettu                      :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistaa
yhdensuuntaistun                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistut                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuu                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumme                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistutte                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuvat                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistutaan                     :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistu                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistu                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistu                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistu                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistu                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistu                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuta                       :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuin                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuit                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistui                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuimme                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuitte                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuivat                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttiin                    :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunen                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunet                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunee                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunemme                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunette                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunevat                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttaneen                  :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistune                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistune                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistune                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistune                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistune                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistune                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttane                    :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisin                     :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisit                     :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisimme                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisitte                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisivat                   :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttaisiin                 :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuisi                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttaisi                   :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistu                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistukoon                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistukaamme                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistukaa                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistukoot                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttakoon                  :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistu                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuko                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuko                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuko                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuko                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttako                    :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistua                        :Inf1:                    yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuakseen                   :Inf1:L:                  yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuessa                     :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttaessa                  :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuen                       :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumassa                    :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumasta                    :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumaan                     :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumalla                    :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumatta                    :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuman                      :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttaman                   :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuminen                    :Inf4:Nom:                yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumista                    :Inf4:Par:                yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumaisillaan               :Inf5:                    yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuva                       :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttava                    :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuma                       :Cip:Age:                 yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistumaton                    :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistunut                      :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuneet                     :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistuttu                      :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdensuuntaistua
yhdensuuntaistus                        :S:Nom:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksen                     :S:Gen:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistusta                      :S:Par:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksessa                   :S:Ine:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksesta                   :S:Ela:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistukseen                    :S:Ill:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksella                   :S:Ade:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistukselta                   :S:Abl:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistukselle                   :S:All:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksena                    :S:Ess:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistukseksi                   :S:Tra:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksetta                   :S:Abe:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistukset                     :P:Nom:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistusten                     :P:Gen:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksia                     :P:Par:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksille                   :P:All:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdensuuntaistuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yhdensuuntaistus
yhdentekevä                             :S:Nom:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevän                            :S:Gen:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevää                            :S:Par:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevässä                          :S:Ine:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevästä                          :S:Ela:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevään                           :S:Ill:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevällä                          :S:Ade:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevältä                          :S:Abl:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevälle                          :S:All:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevänä                           :S:Ess:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekeväksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevättä                          :S:Abe:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevät                            :P:Nom:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevien                           :P:Gen:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekeväin                           :P:Gen:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekeviä                            :P:Par:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekeviin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekeviltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekeville                          :P:All:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekeviksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevin                            :P:Ins:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhdentekevä
yhdentekevine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdentekevä
yhdennyn                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdentyä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdennymme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdennytte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyvät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennytään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdenny                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdenny                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdenny                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdenny                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdenny                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdenny                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennytä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdennyin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdentyä
yhdennyit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdennyimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdennyitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennyttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdentynen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdentyä
yhdentynet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentynee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdentynemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdentynette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentynevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennyttäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennyttäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdentyisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdentyä
yhdentyisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdentyisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdentyisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennyttäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennyttäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdenny                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdentykäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdentykää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentykööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennyttäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdenny                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennyttäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentyä                                :Inf1:                    yhdentyä
yhdentyäkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yhdentyä
yhdentyessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdentyä
yhdennyttäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdentyä
yhdentyen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdentyä
yhdentymässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdentyä
yhdentymästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdentyä
yhdentymään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdentyä
yhdentymällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdentyä
yhdentymättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdentyä
yhdentymän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdentyä
yhdennyttämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdentyä
yhdentyminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yhdentyä
yhdentymistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yhdentyä
yhdentymäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yhdentyä
yhdentyvä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdentyä
yhdennyttävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentymä                               :Cip:Age:                 yhdentyä
yhdentymätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdentyä
yhdentynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdentyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentyä
yhdennytty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdentyä
yhdennän                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdentää
yhdennät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdentää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdennämme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdennätte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdentävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennetään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdennä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennetä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdensin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdentää
yhdensit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdensi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdensimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdensitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdensivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdentänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdentää
yhdentänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdentänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdentänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdentänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdentänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennettäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennettäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdentäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdentää
yhdentäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdentäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdentäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdentäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdentäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennettäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennettäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdennä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdentäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdentäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdentäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdentäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennettäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdennä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennettäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentää                                :Inf1:                    yhdentää
yhdentääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yhdentää
yhdentäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdentää
yhdennettäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdentää
yhdentäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdentää
yhdentämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdentää
yhdentämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdentää
yhdentämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdentää
yhdentämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdentää
yhdentämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdentää
yhdentämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdentää
yhdennettämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdentää
yhdentäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yhdentää
yhdentämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yhdentää
yhdentämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yhdentää
yhdentävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdentää
yhdennettävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yhdentää
yhdentämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdentää
yhdentänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdentäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdentää
yhdennetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdentää
yhdenveroinen                           :S:Nom:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisen                           :S:Gen:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroista                           :S:Par:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisella                         :S:Ade:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroiselle                         :S:All:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisena                          :S:Ess:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroiset                           :P:Nom:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisten                          :P:Gen:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisin                           :P:Gen:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisia                           :P:Par:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisista                         :P:Ela:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisille                         :P:All:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisina                          :P:Ess:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisin                           :P:Ins:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenveroisine                          :P:Kom:                   yhdenveroinen
yhdenvertainen                          :S:Nom:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaista                          :S:Par:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaiselle                        :S:All:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisia                          :P:Par:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisille                        :P:All:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdenvertaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yhdenvertainen
yhdes                                   :S:Nom:                   yhdes
yhdennen                                :S:Gen:                   yhdes
yhdettä                                 :S:Par:                   yhdes
yhdennessä                              :S:Ine:                   yhdes
yhdennestä                              :S:Ela:                   yhdes
yhdenteen                               :S:Ill:                   yhdes
yhdennellä                              :S:Ade:                   yhdes
yhdenneltä                              :S:Abl:                   yhdes
yhdennelle                              :S:All:                   yhdes
yhdentenä                               :S:Ess:                   yhdes
yhdenneksi                              :S:Tra:                   yhdes
yhdennettä                              :S:Abe:                   yhdes
yhdennet                                :P:Nom:                   yhdes
yhdensien                               :P:Gen:                   yhdes
yhdensiä                                :P:Par:                   yhdes
yhdensissä                              :P:Ine:                   yhdes
yhdensistä                              :P:Ela:                   yhdes
yhdensiin                               :P:Ill:                   yhdes
yhdensillä                              :P:Ade:                   yhdes
yhdensiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yhdes
yhdensille                              :P:All:                   yhdes
yhdensinä                               :P:Ess:                   yhdes
yhdensiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yhdes
yhdensin                                :P:Ins:                   yhdes
yhdensittä                              :P:Abe:                   yhdes
yhdensine                               :P:Kom:                   yhdes
yhdessäolo                              :S:Nom:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäolon                             :S:Gen:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloa                             :S:Par:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäolossa                           :S:Ine:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäolosta                           :S:Ela:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloon                            :S:Ill:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäololla                           :S:Ade:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäololta                           :S:Abl:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäololle                           :S:All:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäolona                            :S:Ess:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäolotta                           :S:Abe:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäolot                             :P:Nom:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäolojen                           :P:Gen:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloja                            :P:Par:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloista                          :P:Ela:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloille                          :P:All:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloina                           :P:Ess:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloin                            :P:Ins:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhdessäolo
yhdessäoloine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdessäolo
yhtenen                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdetä
yhtenet                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhtenee                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhtenemme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhtenette                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhtenevät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdetään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdetä
yhtene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtene                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhtenin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdetä
yhtenit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhteni                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhtenimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhtenitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhtenivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdettiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhdennen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdetä
yhdennet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhdennee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhdennemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhdennette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhdennevät                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdettäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdettäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhtenisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdetä
yhtenisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhtenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhtenisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhtenisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhtenisivät                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdettäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdetä
yhtenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhtenisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdettäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhtene                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhdetköön                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhdetkäämme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhdetkää                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhdetkööt                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdettäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdetä
yhtene                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdettäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdetä                                  :Inf1:                    yhdetä
yhdetäkseen                             :Inf1:L:                  yhdetä
yhdetessä                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdetä
yhdettäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdetä
yhdeten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdetä
yhtenemässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdetä
yhtenemästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdetä
yhtenemään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdetä
yhtenemällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdetä
yhtenemättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdetä
yhtenemän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdetä
yhdettämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdetä
yhteneminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                yhdetä
yhtenemistä                             :Inf4:Par:                yhdetä
yhtenemäisillään                        :Inf5:                    yhdetä
yhtenevä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdetä
yhdettävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdetä
yhtenemä                                :Cip:Age:                 yhdetä
yhtenemätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdetä
yhdennyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdenneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdetä
yhdetty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdetä
yhdiste                                 :S:Nom:                   yhdiste
yhdisteen                               :S:Gen:                   yhdiste
yhdistettä                              :S:Par:                   yhdiste
yhdisteessä                             :S:Ine:                   yhdiste
yhdisteestä                             :S:Ela:                   yhdiste
yhdisteeseen                            :S:Ill:                   yhdiste
yhdisteellä                             :S:Ade:                   yhdiste
yhdisteeltä                             :S:Abl:                   yhdiste
yhdisteelle                             :S:All:                   yhdiste
yhdisteenä                              :S:Ess:                   yhdiste
yhdisteeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yhdiste
yhdisteettä                             :S:Abe:                   yhdiste
yhdisteet                               :P:Nom:                   yhdiste
yhdisteiden                             :P:Gen:                   yhdiste
yhdisteitten                            :P:Gen:                   yhdiste
yhdisteitä                              :P:Par:                   yhdiste
yhdisteissä                             :P:Ine:                   yhdiste
yhdisteistä                             :P:Ela:                   yhdiste
yhdisteisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdiste
yhdisteihin                             :P:Ill:                   yhdiste
yhdisteillä                             :P:Ade:                   yhdiste
yhdisteiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yhdiste
yhdisteille                             :P:All:                   yhdiste
yhdisteinä                              :P:Ess:                   yhdiste
yhdisteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yhdiste
yhdistein                               :P:Ins:                   yhdiste
yhdisteittä                             :P:Abe:                   yhdiste
yhdisteine                              :P:Kom:                   yhdiste
yhdistelen                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelet                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelee                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelemme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelette                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelevät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdistellään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistelin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdisteli                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelivät                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdisteltiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistellen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistellä
yhdistellet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdistellee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistellemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistellette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistellevät                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdisteltäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdisteltäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistelisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelisivät                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdisteltäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdisteltäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelköön                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelkäämme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelkää                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelkööt                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdisteltäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdisteltäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistellä                              :Inf1:                    yhdistellä
yhdistelläkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  yhdistellä
yhdistellessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdistellä
yhdisteltäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdistellä
yhdistellen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdistellä
yhdistelemässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdistellä
yhdistelemästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdistellä
yhdistelemään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdistellä
yhdistelemällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdistellä
yhdistelemättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdistellä
yhdistelemän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdistellä
yhdisteltämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdistellä
yhdisteleminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                yhdistellä
yhdistelemistä                          :Inf4:Par:                yhdistellä
yhdistelemäisillään                     :Inf5:                    yhdistellä
yhdistelevä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdistellä
yhdisteltävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistelemä                             :Cip:Age:                 yhdistellä
yhdistelemätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdistellä
yhdistellyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistellä
yhdistelty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistellä
yhdistelmä                              :S:Nom:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmän                             :S:Gen:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmää                             :S:Par:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmässä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmästä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmään                            :S:Ill:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmällä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmältä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmälle                           :S:All:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmänä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmäksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmättä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmät                             :P:Nom:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmäin                            :P:Gen:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmiä                             :P:Par:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmille                           :P:All:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelminä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdistelmä
yhdistelmähoito                         :S:Nom:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidon                        :S:Gen:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoitoa                        :S:Par:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidossa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidosta                      :S:Ela:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoitoon                       :S:Ill:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidolla                      :S:Ade:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidolta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidolle                      :S:All:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoitona                       :S:Ess:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidotta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidot                        :P:Nom:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoitojen                      :P:Gen:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoitoja                       :P:Par:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoista                     :P:Ela:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoitoihin                     :P:Ill:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoille                     :P:All:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoitoina                      :P:Ess:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoin                       :P:Ins:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoidoitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmähoitoine                      :P:Kom:                   yhdistelmähoito
yhdistelmäkaappi                        :S:Nom:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapin                        :S:Gen:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaappia                       :S:Par:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapissa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapista                      :S:Ela:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaappiin                      :S:Ill:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapilla                      :S:Ade:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapilta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapille                      :S:All:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaappina                      :S:Ess:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapiksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapitta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapit                        :P:Nom:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaappien                      :P:Gen:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaappeja                      :P:Par:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapeissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapeista                     :P:Ela:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaappeihin                    :P:Ill:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapeilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapeilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapeille                     :P:All:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaappeina                     :P:Ess:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapeiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapein                       :P:Ins:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaapeitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäkaappeine                     :P:Kom:                   yhdistelmäkaappi
yhdistelmäpuku                          :S:Nom:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvun                         :S:Gen:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpukua                         :S:Par:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvussa                       :S:Ine:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvusta                       :S:Ela:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpukuun                        :S:Ill:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvulla                       :S:Ade:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvulta                       :S:Abl:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvulle                       :S:All:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpukuna                        :S:Ess:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvutta                       :S:Abe:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvut                         :P:Nom:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpukujen                       :P:Gen:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpukuja                        :P:Par:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuista                      :P:Ela:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpukuihin                      :P:Ill:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuille                      :P:All:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpukuina                       :P:Ess:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuin                        :P:Ins:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpuvuitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmäpukuine                       :P:Kom:                   yhdistelmäpuku
yhdistelmätakki                         :S:Nom:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakin                         :S:Gen:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakkia                        :S:Par:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakissa                       :S:Ine:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakista                       :S:Ela:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakkiin                       :S:Ill:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakilla                       :S:Ade:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakilta                       :S:Abl:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakille                       :S:All:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakkina                       :S:Ess:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakiksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakitta                       :S:Abe:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakit                         :P:Nom:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakkien                       :P:Gen:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakkeja                       :P:Par:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakeissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakeista                      :P:Ela:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakkeihin                     :P:Ill:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakeilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakeilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakeille                      :P:All:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakkeina                      :P:Ess:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakein                        :P:Ins:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakeitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmätakkeine                      :P:Kom:                   yhdistelmätakki
yhdistelmävakuutus                      :S:Nom:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksen                   :S:Gen:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutusta                    :S:Par:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksessa                 :S:Ine:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksesta                 :S:Ela:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutukseen                  :S:Ill:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksella                 :S:Ade:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutukselta                 :S:Abl:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutukselle                 :S:All:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksena                  :S:Ess:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutukseksi                 :S:Tra:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksetta                 :S:Abe:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutukset                   :P:Nom:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutusten                   :P:Gen:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksien                  :P:Gen:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksia                   :P:Par:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksista                 :P:Ela:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksille                 :P:All:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksina                  :P:Ess:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksin                   :P:Ins:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistelmävakuutuksine                  :P:Kom:                   yhdistelmävakuutus
yhdistely                               :S:Nom:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyn                              :S:Gen:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyä                              :S:Par:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyssä                            :S:Ine:                   yhdistely
yhdistelystä                            :S:Ela:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyyn                             :S:Ill:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyllä                            :S:Ade:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyltä                            :S:Abl:                   yhdistely
yhdistelylle                            :S:All:                   yhdistely
yhdistelynä                             :S:Ess:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyttä                            :S:Abe:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyt                              :P:Nom:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyjen                            :P:Gen:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyiden                           :P:Gen:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyitten                          :P:Gen:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyjä                             :P:Par:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyitä                            :P:Par:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyihin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyille                           :P:All:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdistely
yhdistelyine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdistely
yhdistetty                              :S:Nom:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyn                              :S:Gen:                   yhdistetty
yhdistettyä                             :S:Par:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyssä                            :S:Ine:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetystä                            :S:Ela:                   yhdistetty
yhdistettyyn                            :S:Ill:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyllä                            :S:Ade:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyltä                            :S:Abl:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetylle                            :S:All:                   yhdistetty
yhdistettynä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyttä                            :S:Abe:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyt                              :P:Nom:                   yhdistetty
yhdistettyjen                           :P:Gen:                   yhdistetty
yhdistettyjä                            :P:Par:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdistetty
yhdistettyihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyille                           :P:All:                   yhdistetty
yhdistettyinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdistetty
yhdistetyittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdistetty
yhdistettyine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdistetty
yhdistymisoikeus                        :S:Nom:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuden                      :S:Gen:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeutta                      :S:Par:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeudessa                    :S:Ine:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeudesta                    :S:Ela:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuteen                     :S:Ill:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeudella                    :S:Ade:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeudelta                    :S:Abl:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeudelle                    :S:All:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeutena                     :S:Ess:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeudeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeutta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeudet                      :P:Nom:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksia                     :P:Par:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksille                   :P:All:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisoikeuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yhdistymisoikeus
yhdistymisvapaus                        :S:Nom:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauden                      :S:Gen:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapautta                      :S:Par:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapaudessa                    :S:Ine:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapaudesta                    :S:Ela:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauteen                     :S:Ill:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapaudella                    :S:Ade:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapaudelta                    :S:Abl:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapaudelle                    :S:All:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapautena                     :S:Ess:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapaudeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapautta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapaudet                      :P:Nom:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksien                    :P:Gen:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksia                     :P:Par:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksista                   :P:Ela:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksille                   :P:All:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksina                    :P:Ess:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksin                     :P:Ins:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymisvapauksine                    :P:Kom:                   yhdistymisvapaus
yhdistymä                               :S:Nom:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymän                              :S:Gen:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymää                              :S:Par:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymässä                            :S:Ine:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymästä                            :S:Ela:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymään                             :S:Ill:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymällä                            :S:Ade:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymältä                            :S:Abl:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymälle                            :S:All:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymänä                             :S:Ess:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymäksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymättä                            :S:Abe:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymät                              :P:Nom:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymien                             :P:Gen:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymäin                             :P:Gen:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymiä                              :P:Par:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymissä                            :P:Ine:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymistä                            :P:Ela:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymiin                             :P:Ill:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymillä                            :P:Ade:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymille                            :P:All:                   yhdistymä
yhdistyminä                             :P:Ess:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymin                              :P:Ins:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymittä                            :P:Abe:                   yhdistymä
yhdistymine                             :P:Kom:                   yhdistymä
yhdistys                                :S:Nom:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksen                             :S:Gen:                   yhdistys
yhdistystä                              :S:Par:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdistys
yhdistykseen                            :S:Ill:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdistys
yhdistykseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdistys
yhdistykselle                           :S:All:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdistys
yhdistykseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdistys
yhdistykset                             :P:Nom:                   yhdistys
yhdistysten                             :P:Gen:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksiä                             :P:Par:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksille                           :P:All:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdistys
yhdistyksine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdistys
yhdistysrekisteri                       :S:Nom:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterin                      :S:Gen:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisteriä                      :S:Par:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterissä                    :S:Ine:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisteristä                    :S:Ela:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisteriin                     :S:Ill:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterillä                    :S:Ade:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisteriltä                    :S:Abl:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterille                    :S:All:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterinä                     :S:Ess:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisteriksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterittä                    :S:Abe:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterit                      :P:Nom:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterien                     :P:Gen:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereiden                   :P:Gen:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereitten                  :P:Gen:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterejä                     :P:Par:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereitä                    :P:Par:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereissä                   :P:Ine:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereistä                   :P:Ela:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereihin                   :P:Ill:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereillä                   :P:Ade:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereiltä                   :P:Abl:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereille                   :P:All:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereinä                    :P:Ess:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekisterein                     :P:Ins:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereittä                   :P:Abe:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistysrekistereine                    :P:Kom:                   yhdistysrekisteri
yhdistystoiminta                        :S:Nom:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnan                       :S:Gen:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintaa                       :S:Par:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnassa                     :S:Ine:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnasta                     :S:Ela:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintaan                      :S:Ill:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnalla                     :S:Ade:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnalta                     :S:Abl:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnalle                     :S:All:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintana                      :S:Ess:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnatta                     :S:Abe:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnat                       :P:Nom:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintojen                     :P:Gen:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintain                      :P:Gen:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintoja                      :P:Par:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnoissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnoista                    :P:Ela:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintoihin                    :P:Ill:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnoilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnoilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnoille                    :P:All:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintoina                     :P:Ess:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnoin                      :P:Ins:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoiminnoitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistystoimintoine                     :P:Kom:                   yhdistystoiminta
yhdistyn                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyt                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistymme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistytte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyvät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistytään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistytä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdistyin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdistynen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistyä
yhdistynet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistynee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistynemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistynette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistynevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyttäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyttäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdistyisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyttäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyttäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdisty                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistykäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistykää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistykööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyttäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdisty                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyttäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistyä                                :Inf1:                    yhdistyä
yhdistyäkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yhdistyä
yhdistyessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdistyä
yhdistyttäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdistyä
yhdistyen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdistyä
yhdistymässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdistyä
yhdistymästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdistyä
yhdistymään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdistyä
yhdistymällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdistyä
yhdistymättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdistyä
yhdistymän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdistyä
yhdistyttämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdistyä
yhdistyminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yhdistyä
yhdistymistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yhdistyä
yhdistymäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yhdistyä
yhdistyvä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdistyä
yhdistyttävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistymä                               :Cip:Age:                 yhdistyä
yhdistymätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdistyä
yhdistynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistyä
yhdistytty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistyä
yhdistäjä                               :S:Nom:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjän                              :S:Gen:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjää                              :S:Par:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjässä                            :S:Ine:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjästä                            :S:Ela:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjään                             :S:Ill:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjällä                            :S:Ade:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjältä                            :S:Abl:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjälle                            :S:All:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjänä                             :S:Ess:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjäksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjättä                            :S:Abe:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjät                              :P:Nom:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjien                             :P:Gen:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjäin                             :P:Gen:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjiä                              :P:Par:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjissä                            :P:Ine:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjistä                            :P:Ela:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjiin                             :P:Ill:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjillä                            :P:Ade:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjille                            :P:All:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjinä                             :P:Ess:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjin                              :P:Ins:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjittä                            :P:Abe:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistäjine                             :P:Kom:                   yhdistäjä
yhdistän                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistää
yhdistät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdistää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistämme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistätte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistetään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistetä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdistin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdistää
yhdistit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdisti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdistänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistää
yhdistänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdistänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistettäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistettäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdistäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdistää
yhdistäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistettäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistettäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdistä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdistäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistettäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistettäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistää                                :Inf1:                    yhdistää
yhdistääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yhdistää
yhdistäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdistää
yhdistettäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdistää
yhdistäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdistää
yhdistämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdistää
yhdistämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdistää
yhdistämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdistää
yhdistämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdistää
yhdistämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdistää
yhdistämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdistää
yhdistettämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdistää
yhdistäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yhdistää
yhdistämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yhdistää
yhdistämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yhdistää
yhdistävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdistää
yhdistettävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yhdistää
yhdistämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdistää
yhdistänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdistää
yhdistetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdistää
yhdyntä                                 :S:Nom:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnän                                :S:Gen:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntää                                :S:Par:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnässä                              :S:Ine:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnästä                              :S:Ela:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntään                               :S:Ill:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnällä                              :S:Ade:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnältä                              :S:Abl:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnälle                              :S:All:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntänä                               :S:Ess:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnättä                              :S:Abe:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnät                                :P:Nom:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntöjen                              :P:Gen:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntäin                               :P:Gen:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntöjä                               :P:Par:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnöissä                             :P:Ine:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnöistä                             :P:Ela:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntöihin                             :P:Ill:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnöillä                             :P:Ade:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnöille                             :P:All:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntöinä                              :P:Ess:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnöin                               :P:Ins:                   yhdyntä
yhdynnöittä                             :P:Abe:                   yhdyntä
yhdyntöine                              :P:Kom:                   yhdyntä
yhdysadjektiivi                         :S:Nom:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivin                        :S:Gen:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivia                        :S:Par:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivissa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivista                      :S:Ela:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiviin                       :S:Ill:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivilla                      :S:Ade:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivilta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiville                      :S:All:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivina                       :S:Ess:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiviksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivitta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivit                        :P:Nom:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivien                       :P:Gen:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveja                       :P:Par:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveista                     :P:Ela:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveihin                     :P:Ill:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveille                     :P:All:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveina                      :P:Ess:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiivein                       :P:Ins:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdysadjektiiveine                      :P:Kom:                   yhdysadjektiivi
yhdyselin                               :S:Nom:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimen                             :S:Gen:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselintä                             :S:Par:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimeen                            :S:Ill:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimeltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimelle                           :S:All:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimet                             :P:Nom:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselinten                            :P:Gen:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimiä                             :P:Par:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimille                           :P:All:                   yhdyselin
yhdyseliminä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselimine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdyselin
yhdyselämä                              :S:Nom:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämän                             :S:Gen:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämää                             :S:Par:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämässä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämästä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämään                            :S:Ill:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämällä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämältä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämälle                           :S:All:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämänä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämäksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämättä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämät                             :P:Nom:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämäin                            :P:Gen:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämiä                             :P:Par:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämille                           :P:All:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyseläminä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyselämine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdyselämä
yhdyshenkilö                            :S:Nom:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilön                           :S:Gen:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöä                           :S:Par:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilössä                         :S:Ine:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöstä                         :S:Ela:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöön                          :S:Ill:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöllä                         :S:Ade:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöltä                         :S:Abl:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilölle                         :S:All:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilönä                          :S:Ess:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöttä                         :S:Abe:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöt                           :P:Nom:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöjen                         :P:Gen:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöiden                        :P:Gen:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöitten                       :P:Gen:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöjä                          :P:Par:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöitä                         :P:Par:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöissä                        :P:Ine:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöistä                        :P:Ela:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöillä                        :P:Ade:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöille                        :P:All:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöinä                         :P:Ess:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöin                          :P:Ins:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöittä                        :P:Abe:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdyshenkilöine                         :P:Kom:                   yhdyshenkilö
yhdysjana                               :S:Nom:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanan                              :S:Gen:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanaa                              :S:Par:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanassa                            :S:Ine:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanasta                            :S:Ela:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanaan                             :S:Ill:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanalla                            :S:Ade:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanalta                            :S:Abl:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanalle                            :S:All:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanana                             :S:Ess:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanatta                            :S:Abe:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanat                              :P:Nom:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanojen                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanain                             :P:Gen:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoja                             :P:Par:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoista                           :P:Ela:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoihin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoille                           :P:All:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoina                            :P:Ess:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjanoine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdysjana
yhdysjärjestö                           :S:Nom:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestön                          :S:Gen:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöä                          :S:Par:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestössä                        :S:Ine:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöstä                        :S:Ela:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöön                         :S:Ill:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöllä                        :S:Ade:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöltä                        :S:Abl:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestölle                        :S:All:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestönä                         :S:Ess:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöttä                        :S:Abe:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöt                          :P:Nom:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöjen                        :P:Gen:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöiden                       :P:Gen:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöitten                      :P:Gen:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöjä                         :P:Par:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöitä                        :P:Par:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöille                       :P:All:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöinä                        :P:Ess:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöin                         :P:Ins:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdysjärjestöine                        :P:Kom:                   yhdysjärjestö
yhdyskunta                              :S:Nom:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnan                             :S:Gen:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntaa                             :S:Par:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnassa                           :S:Ine:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnasta                           :S:Ela:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntaan                            :S:Ill:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnalla                           :S:Ade:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnalta                           :S:Abl:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnalle                           :S:All:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntana                            :S:Ess:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnatta                           :S:Abe:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnat                             :P:Nom:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntain                            :P:Gen:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntia                             :P:Par:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnista                           :P:Ela:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnille                           :P:All:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntina                            :P:Ess:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunniksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskunnitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdyskunta
yhdyskuntahyönteinen                    :S:Nom:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisen                    :S:Gen:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteistä                    :S:Par:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisessä                  :S:Ine:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisestä                  :S:Ela:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteiseen                   :S:Ill:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisellä                  :S:Ade:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteiseltä                  :S:Abl:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteiselle                  :S:All:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisenä                   :S:Ess:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteiseksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisettä                  :S:Abe:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteiset                    :P:Nom:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisten                   :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisin                    :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisiä                    :P:Par:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisissä                  :P:Ine:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisistä                  :P:Ela:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisiin                   :P:Ill:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisillä                  :P:Ade:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisiltä                  :P:Abl:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisille                  :P:All:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisinä                   :P:Ess:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisin                    :P:Ins:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisittä                  :P:Abe:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntahyönteisine                   :P:Kom:                   yhdyskuntahyönteinen
yhdyskuntajäte                          :S:Nom:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteen                       :S:Gen:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätettä                       :S:Par:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteessä                     :S:Ine:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteestä                     :S:Ela:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteeseen                    :S:Ill:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteellä                     :S:Ade:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteeltä                     :S:Abl:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteelle                     :S:All:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteenä                      :S:Ess:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteettä                     :S:Abe:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteet                       :P:Nom:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteiden                     :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajäteitten                     :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteitä                      :P:Par:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteissä                     :P:Ine:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteistä                     :P:Ela:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteisiin                    :P:Ill:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteihin                     :P:Ill:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteillä                     :P:Ade:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteille                     :P:All:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteinä                      :P:Ess:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajättein                       :P:Ins:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteittä                     :P:Abe:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntajätteine                      :P:Kom:                   yhdyskuntajäte
yhdyskuntalintu                         :S:Nom:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnun                        :S:Gen:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalintua                        :S:Par:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnussa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnusta                      :S:Ela:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalintuun                       :S:Ill:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnulla                      :S:Ade:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnulta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnulle                      :S:All:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalintuna                       :S:Ess:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnutta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnut                        :P:Nom:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalintujen                      :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalintuja                       :P:Par:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuista                     :P:Ela:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalintuihin                     :P:Ill:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuille                     :P:All:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalintuina                      :P:Ess:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuin                       :P:Ins:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalinnuitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntalintuine                      :P:Kom:                   yhdyskuntalintu
yhdyskuntapalvelu                       :S:Nom:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelun                      :S:Gen:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelua                      :S:Par:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelussa                    :S:Ine:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelusta                    :S:Ela:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluun                     :S:Ill:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelulla                    :S:Ade:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelulta                    :S:Abl:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelulle                    :S:All:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluna                     :S:Ess:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelutta                    :S:Abe:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelut                      :P:Nom:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalvelujen                    :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluiden                   :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluitten                  :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluja                     :P:Par:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluita                    :P:Par:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluissa                   :P:Ine:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluista                   :P:Ela:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluihin                   :P:Ill:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluilla                   :P:Ade:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluilta                   :P:Abl:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluille                   :P:All:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluina                    :P:Ess:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluin                     :P:Ins:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluitta                   :P:Abe:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntapalveluine                    :P:Kom:                   yhdyskuntapalvelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelu                   :S:Nom:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelun                  :S:Gen:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelua                  :S:Par:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelussa                :S:Ine:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelusta                :S:Ela:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluun                 :S:Ill:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelulla                :S:Ade:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelulta                :S:Abl:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelulle                :S:All:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluna                 :S:Ess:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluksi                :S:Tra:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelutta                :S:Abe:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelut                  :P:Nom:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnittelujen                :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluiden               :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluitten              :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluja                 :P:Par:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluita                :P:Par:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluissa               :P:Ine:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluista               :P:Ela:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluihin               :P:Ill:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluilla               :P:Ade:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluilta               :P:Abl:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluille               :P:All:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluina                :P:Ess:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluiksi               :P:Tra:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluin                 :P:Ins:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluitta               :P:Abe:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntasuunnitteluine                :P:Kom:                   yhdyskuntasuunnittelu
yhdyskuntatyö                           :S:Nom:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyön                          :S:Gen:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyötä                         :S:Par:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyössä                        :S:Ine:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyöstä                        :S:Ela:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyöhön                        :S:Ill:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyöllä                        :S:Ade:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyöltä                        :S:Abl:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyölle                        :S:All:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyönä                         :S:Ess:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyöksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyöttä                        :S:Abe:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatyöt                          :P:Nom:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöiden                        :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöitten                       :P:Gen:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöitä                         :P:Par:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöissä                        :P:Ine:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöistä                        :P:Ela:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöillä                        :P:Ade:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöille                        :P:All:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöinä                         :P:Ess:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöin                          :P:Ins:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöittä                        :P:Abe:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskuntatöine                         :P:Kom:                   yhdyskuntatyö
yhdyskäytävä                            :S:Nom:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävän                           :S:Gen:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävää                           :S:Par:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävässä                         :S:Ine:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävästä                         :S:Ela:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävään                          :S:Ill:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävällä                         :S:Ade:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävältä                         :S:Abl:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävälle                         :S:All:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävänä                          :S:Ess:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytäväksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävättä                         :S:Abe:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävät                           :P:Nom:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävien                          :P:Gen:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytäväin                          :P:Gen:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytäviä                           :P:Par:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävissä                         :P:Ine:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävistä                         :P:Ela:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytäviin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävillä                         :P:Ade:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytäviltä                         :P:Abl:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytäville                         :P:All:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävinä                          :P:Ess:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytäviksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävin                           :P:Ins:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävittä                         :P:Abe:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdyskäytävine                          :P:Kom:                   yhdyskäytävä
yhdysköysi                              :S:Nom:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköyden                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköyttä                             :S:Par:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköydessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköydestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköyteen                            :S:Ill:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköydellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköydeltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköydelle                           :S:All:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköytenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköydeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköydettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköydet                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköytten                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysiä                             :P:Par:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysille                           :P:All:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysiin                            :P:Ins:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdysköysi
yhdysköysine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdysköysi
yhdyslause                              :S:Nom:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseen                            :S:Gen:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslausetta                           :S:Par:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseessa                          :S:Ine:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseesta                          :S:Ela:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseeseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseella                          :S:Ade:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseelta                          :S:Abl:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseelle                          :S:All:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseena                           :S:Ess:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseetta                          :S:Abe:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseet                            :P:Nom:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseiden                          :P:Gen:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseitten                         :P:Gen:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseita                           :P:Par:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseista                          :P:Ela:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseille                          :P:All:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseina                           :P:Ess:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslausein                            :P:Ins:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhdyslause
yhdyslauseine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdyslause
yhdysliikenne                           :S:Nom:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteen                         :S:Gen:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikennettä                        :S:Par:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteessä                       :S:Ine:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteestä                       :S:Ela:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteeseen                      :S:Ill:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteellä                       :S:Ade:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteeltä                       :S:Abl:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteelle                       :S:All:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteenä                        :S:Ess:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteettä                       :S:Abe:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteet                         :P:Nom:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteiden                       :P:Gen:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenneitten                      :P:Gen:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteitä                        :P:Par:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteille                       :P:All:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteinä                        :P:Ess:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikentein                         :P:Ins:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysliikenteine                        :P:Kom:                   yhdysliikenne
yhdysluokka                             :S:Nom:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokan                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkaa                            :S:Par:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokassa                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokasta                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkaan                           :S:Ill:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokalla                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokalta                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokalle                           :S:All:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkana                           :S:Ess:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokatta                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokat                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkien                           :P:Gen:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkain                           :P:Gen:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkia                            :P:Par:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokista                           :P:Ela:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokille                           :P:All:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkina                           :P:Ess:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysluokkine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdysluokka
yhdysmerkki                             :S:Nom:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkin                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkkiä                            :S:Par:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkissä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkistä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkkiin                           :S:Ill:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkillä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkiltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkille                           :S:All:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkkinä                           :S:Ess:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkiksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkittä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkit                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkkien                           :P:Gen:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkkejä                           :P:Par:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkeissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkeistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkkeihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkeillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkeiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkeille                          :P:All:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkkeinä                          :P:Ess:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkein                            :P:Ins:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkeittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmerkkeine                          :P:Kom:                   yhdysmerkki
yhdysmies                               :S:Nom:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehen                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiestä                             :S:Par:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmieheen                            :S:Ill:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmieheltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehelle                           :S:All:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmieheksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehet                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiesten                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehiä                             :P:Par:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehille                           :P:All:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdysmies
yhdysmiehine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdysmies
yhdysosa                                :S:Nom:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosan                               :S:Gen:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosaa                               :S:Par:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosassa                             :S:Ine:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosasta                             :S:Ela:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosaan                              :S:Ill:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosalla                             :S:Ade:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosalta                             :S:Abl:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosalle                             :S:All:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosana                              :S:Ess:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosatta                             :S:Abe:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosat                               :P:Nom:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosien                              :P:Gen:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosain                              :P:Gen:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosia                               :P:Par:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosissa                             :P:Ine:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosista                             :P:Ela:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosiin                              :P:Ill:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosilla                             :P:Ade:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosilta                             :P:Abl:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosille                             :P:All:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosina                              :P:Ess:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosin                               :P:Ins:                   yhdysosa
yhdysositta                             :P:Abe:                   yhdysosa
yhdysosine                              :P:Kom:                   yhdysosa
yhdysrakenteinen                        :S:Nom:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisen                        :S:Gen:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteista                        :S:Par:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteiseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisella                      :S:Ade:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteiselta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteiselle                      :S:All:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisena                       :S:Ess:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteiset                        :P:Nom:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisten                       :P:Gen:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisin                        :P:Gen:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisia                        :P:Par:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisista                      :P:Ela:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisille                      :P:All:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisina                       :P:Ess:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisin                        :P:Ins:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysrakenteisine                       :P:Kom:                   yhdysrakenteinen
yhdysreitti                             :S:Nom:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitin                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreittiä                            :S:Par:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitissä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitistä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreittiin                           :S:Ill:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitillä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitiltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitille                           :S:All:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreittinä                           :S:Ess:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitiksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitittä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitit                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreittien                           :P:Gen:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreittejä                           :P:Par:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreiteissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreiteistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitteihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreiteillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreiteiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreiteille                          :P:All:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitteinä                          :P:Ess:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreiteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitein                            :P:Ins:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreiteittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhdysreitti
yhdysreitteine                          :P:Kom:                   yhdysreitti
yhdyssana                               :S:Nom:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanan                              :S:Gen:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanaa                              :S:Par:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanassa                            :S:Ine:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanasta                            :S:Ela:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanaan                             :S:Ill:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanalla                            :S:Ade:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanalta                            :S:Abl:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanalle                            :S:All:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanana                             :S:Ess:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanatta                            :S:Abe:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanat                              :P:Nom:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanojen                            :P:Gen:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanain                             :P:Gen:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoja                             :P:Par:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoista                           :P:Ela:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoihin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoille                           :P:All:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoina                            :P:Ess:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhdyssana
yhdyssanoine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdyssana
yhdysside                               :S:Nom:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteen                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysside
yhdyssidettä                            :S:Par:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteeseen                          :S:Ill:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteeltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteelle                           :S:All:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteet                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteiden                           :P:Gen:                   yhdysside
yhdyssideitten                          :P:Gen:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteitä                            :P:Par:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteihin                           :P:Ill:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteille                           :P:All:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdysside
yhdyssitein                             :P:Ins:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdysside
yhdyssiteine                            :P:Kom:                   yhdysside
yhdyssubstantiivi                       :S:Nom:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivin                      :S:Gen:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivia                      :S:Par:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivissa                    :S:Ine:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivista                    :S:Ela:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiviin                     :S:Ill:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivilla                    :S:Ade:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivilta                    :S:Abl:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiville                    :S:All:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivina                     :S:Ess:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiviksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivitta                    :S:Abe:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivit                      :P:Nom:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivien                     :P:Gen:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveja                     :P:Par:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveissa                   :P:Ine:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveista                   :P:Ela:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveihin                   :P:Ill:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveilla                   :P:Ade:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveilta                   :P:Abl:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveille                   :P:All:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveina                    :P:Ess:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiivein                     :P:Ins:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveitta                   :P:Abe:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdyssubstantiiveine                    :P:Kom:                   yhdyssubstantiivi
yhdystyö                                :S:Nom:                   yhdystie
yhdystyön                               :S:Gen:                   yhdystie
yhdystyötä                              :S:Par:                   yhdystie
yhdystyössä                             :S:Ine:                   yhdystie
yhdystyöstä                             :S:Ela:                   yhdystie
yhdystyöhön                             :S:Ill:                   yhdystie
yhdystyöllä                             :S:Ade:                   yhdystie
yhdystyöltä                             :S:Abl:                   yhdystie
yhdystyölle                             :S:All:                   yhdystie
yhdystyönä                              :S:Ess:                   yhdystie
yhdystyöksi                             :S:Tra:                   yhdystie
yhdystyöttä                             :S:Abe:                   yhdystie
yhdystyöt                               :P:Nom:                   yhdystie
yhdystöiden                             :P:Gen:                   yhdystie
yhdystöitten                            :P:Gen:                   yhdystie
yhdystöitä                              :P:Par:                   yhdystie
yhdystöissä                             :P:Ine:                   yhdystie
yhdystöistä                             :P:Ela:                   yhdystie
yhdystöihin                             :P:Ill:                   yhdystie
yhdystöillä                             :P:Ade:                   yhdystie
yhdystöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yhdystie
yhdystöille                             :P:All:                   yhdystie
yhdystöinä                              :P:Ess:                   yhdystie
yhdystöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yhdystie
yhdystöin                               :P:Ins:                   yhdystie
yhdystöittä                             :P:Abe:                   yhdystie
yhdystöine                              :P:Kom:                   yhdystie
yhdysvaltalainen                        :S:Nom:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisen                        :S:Gen:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaista                        :S:Par:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaiseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisella                      :S:Ade:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaiselta                      :S:Abl:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaiselle                      :S:All:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisena                       :S:Ess:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaiset                        :P:Nom:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisten                       :P:Gen:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisin                        :P:Gen:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisia                        :P:Par:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisista                      :P:Ela:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisille                      :P:All:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisina                       :P:Ess:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisin                        :P:Ins:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysvaltalaisine                       :P:Kom:                   yhdysvaltalainen
yhdysverbi                              :S:Nom:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbin                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbiä                             :S:Par:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbissä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbistä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbiin                            :S:Ill:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbillä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbiltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbille                           :S:All:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbinä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbiksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbittä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbit                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbejä                            :P:Par:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeille                          :P:All:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbein                            :P:Ins:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysverbeine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdysverbi
yhdysviiva                              :S:Nom:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivan                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivaa                             :S:Par:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivassa                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivasta                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivaan                            :S:Ill:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivalla                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivalta                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivalle                           :S:All:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivana                            :S:Ess:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivatta                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivat                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivojen                           :P:Gen:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivain                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoja                            :P:Par:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoista                          :P:Ela:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoille                          :P:All:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoina                           :P:Ess:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoin                            :P:Ins:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysviivoine                           :P:Kom:                   yhdysviiva
yhdysväylä                              :S:Nom:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylän                             :S:Gen:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylää                             :S:Par:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylässä                           :S:Ine:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylästä                           :S:Ela:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylään                            :S:Ill:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylällä                           :S:Ade:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylältä                           :S:Abl:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylälle                           :S:All:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylänä                            :S:Ess:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväyläksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylättä                           :S:Abe:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylät                             :P:Nom:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylien                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväyläin                            :P:Gen:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväyliä                             :P:Par:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväyliin                            :P:Ill:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväyliltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylille                           :P:All:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväyliksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylin                             :P:Ins:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväylittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhdysväylä
yhdysväyline                            :P:Kom:                   yhdysväylä
yhdytän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdyttää
yhdytät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdytämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdytätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhdytin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhdyttää
yhdytit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdytti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdytimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdytitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhdyttänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhdyttäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhdytä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdytä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttää                                :Inf1:                    yhdyttää
yhdyttääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yhdyttää
yhdyttäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhdyttää
yhdytettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhdyttää
yhdyttäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhdyttää
yhdyttämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhdyttää
yhdyttämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhdyttää
yhdyttämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhdyttää
yhdyttämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhdyttää
yhdyttämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhdyttää
yhdyttämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhdyttää
yhdytettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhdyttää
yhdyttäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yhdyttää
yhdyttämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yhdyttää
yhdyttämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yhdyttää
yhdyttävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhdyttää
yhdytettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yhdyttää
yhdyttämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhdyttää
yhdyttänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdyttäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhdyttää
yhdytetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhdyttää
yhtaikainen                             :S:Nom:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisen                             :S:Gen:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaista                             :S:Par:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisella                           :S:Ade:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaiselle                           :S:All:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisena                            :S:Ess:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaiset                             :P:Nom:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisten                            :P:Gen:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisin                             :P:Gen:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisia                             :P:Par:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisista                           :P:Ela:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisille                           :P:All:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisina                            :P:Ess:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisin                             :P:Ins:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisine                            :P:Kom:                   yhtaikainen
yhtaikaisuus                            :S:Nom:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuutta                          :S:Par:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuudelle                        :S:All:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksille                       :P:All:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhtaikaisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yhtaikaisuus
yhteenajo                               :S:Nom:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajon                              :S:Gen:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoa                              :S:Par:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajossa                            :S:Ine:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajosta                            :S:Ela:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoon                             :S:Ill:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajolla                            :S:Ade:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajolta                            :S:Abl:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajolle                            :S:All:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajona                             :S:Ess:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajotta                            :S:Abe:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajot                              :P:Nom:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajojen                            :P:Gen:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoja                             :P:Par:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoista                           :P:Ela:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoihin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoille                           :P:All:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoina                            :P:Ess:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoin                             :P:Ins:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhteenajo
yhteenajoine                            :P:Kom:                   yhteenajo
yhteenkasvettuma                        :S:Nom:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettuman                       :S:Gen:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumaa                       :S:Par:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumassa                     :S:Ine:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumasta                     :S:Ela:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumaan                      :S:Ill:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumalla                     :S:Ade:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumalta                     :S:Abl:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumalle                     :S:All:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumana                      :S:Ess:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumatta                     :S:Abe:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumat                       :P:Nom:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumien                      :P:Gen:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumain                      :P:Gen:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumia                       :P:Par:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumista                     :P:Ela:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumille                     :P:All:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumina                      :P:Ess:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkasvettumine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteenkasvettuma
yhteenkuuluvaisuus                      :S:Nom:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuden                    :S:Gen:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuutta                    :S:Par:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuudessa                  :S:Ine:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuudesta                  :S:Ela:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuteen                   :S:Ill:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuudella                  :S:Ade:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuudelta                  :S:Abl:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuudelle                  :S:All:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuutena                   :S:Ess:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuudeksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuutta                    :S:Abe:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuudet                    :P:Nom:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksien                  :P:Gen:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksia                   :P:Par:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksista                 :P:Ela:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksille                 :P:All:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksina                  :P:Ess:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksin                   :P:Ins:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvaisuuksine                  :P:Kom:                   yhteenkuuluvaisuus
yhteenkuuluvuudentunne                  :S:Nom:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteen                :S:Gen:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunnetta               :S:Par:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteessa              :S:Ine:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteesta              :S:Ela:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteeseen             :S:Ill:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteella              :S:Ade:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteelta              :S:Abl:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteelle              :S:All:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteena               :S:Ess:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteeksi              :S:Tra:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteetta              :S:Abe:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteet                :P:Nom:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteiden              :P:Gen:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunneitten             :P:Gen:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteita               :P:Par:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteissa              :P:Ine:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteista              :P:Ela:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteisiin             :P:Ill:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteihin              :P:Ill:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteilla              :P:Ade:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteilta              :P:Abl:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteille              :P:All:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteina               :P:Ess:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteiksi              :P:Tra:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentuntein                :P:Ins:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteitta              :P:Abe:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuudentunteine               :P:Kom:                   yhteenkuuluvuudentunne
yhteenkuuluvuus                         :S:Nom:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuutta                       :S:Par:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuudelle                     :S:All:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksille                    :P:All:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenkuuluvuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteenkuuluvuus
yhteenlaskettu                          :S:Nom:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketun                          :S:Gen:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlaskettua                         :S:Par:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketussa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketusta                        :S:Ela:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlaskettuun                        :S:Ill:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketulla                        :S:Ade:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketulta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketulle                        :S:All:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlaskettuna                        :S:Ess:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketutta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketut                          :P:Nom:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlaskettujen                       :P:Gen:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlaskettuja                        :P:Par:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuista                       :P:Ela:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlaskettuihin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuille                       :P:All:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlaskettuina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasketuitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlaskettuine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteenlaskettu
yhteenlasku                             :S:Nom:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskun                            :S:Gen:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskua                            :S:Par:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskussa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskusta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuun                           :S:Ill:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskulla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskulta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskulle                          :S:All:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuna                           :S:Ess:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskutta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskut                            :P:Nom:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskujen                          :P:Gen:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuja                           :P:Par:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuille                         :P:All:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenlaskuine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteenlasku
yhteenliittymä                          :S:Nom:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymän                         :S:Gen:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymää                         :S:Par:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymässä                       :S:Ine:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymästä                       :S:Ela:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymään                        :S:Ill:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymällä                       :S:Ade:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymältä                       :S:Abl:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymälle                       :S:All:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymänä                        :S:Ess:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymäksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymättä                       :S:Abe:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymät                         :P:Nom:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymien                        :P:Gen:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymäin                        :P:Gen:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymiä                         :P:Par:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymille                       :P:All:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittyminä                        :P:Ess:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenliittymine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteenliittymä
yhteenotto                              :S:Nom:                   yhteenotto
yhteenoton                              :S:Gen:                   yhteenotto
yhteenottoa                             :S:Par:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotossa                            :S:Ine:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotosta                            :S:Ela:                   yhteenotto
yhteenottoon                            :S:Ill:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotolla                            :S:Ade:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotolta                            :S:Abl:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotolle                            :S:All:                   yhteenotto
yhteenottona                            :S:Ess:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhteenotto
yhteenototta                            :S:Abe:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotot                              :P:Nom:                   yhteenotto
yhteenottojen                           :P:Gen:                   yhteenotto
yhteenottoja                            :P:Par:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoista                           :P:Ela:                   yhteenotto
yhteenottoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoille                           :P:All:                   yhteenotto
yhteenottoina                           :P:Ess:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoin                             :P:Ins:                   yhteenotto
yhteenotoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhteenotto
yhteenottoine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteenotto
yhteensattuma                           :S:Nom:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattuman                          :S:Gen:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumaa                          :S:Par:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumassa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumasta                        :S:Ela:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumaan                         :S:Ill:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumalla                        :S:Ade:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumalta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumalle                        :S:All:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumana                         :S:Ess:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumatta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumat                          :P:Nom:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumien                         :P:Gen:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumain                         :P:Gen:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumia                          :P:Par:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumista                        :P:Ela:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumille                        :P:All:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumina                         :P:Ess:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumin                          :P:Ins:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensattumine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteensattuma
yhteensopiva                            :S:Nom:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivan                           :S:Gen:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivaa                           :S:Par:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivassa                         :S:Ine:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivasta                         :S:Ela:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivaan                          :S:Ill:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivalla                         :S:Ade:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivalta                         :S:Abl:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivalle                         :S:All:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivana                          :S:Ess:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivatta                         :S:Abe:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivat                           :P:Nom:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivien                          :P:Gen:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivain                          :P:Gen:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivia                           :P:Par:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopiviin                          :P:Ill:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopiville                         :P:All:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopiviksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteensopiva
yhteensopivuus                          :S:Nom:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuutta                        :S:Par:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuudelle                      :S:All:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksille                     :P:All:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteensopivuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteensopivuus
yhteentörmäys                           :S:Nom:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksen                        :S:Gen:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäystä                         :S:Par:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäykseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäykselle                      :S:All:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäykset                        :P:Nom:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäysten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksille                      :P:All:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteentörmäyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteentörmäys
yhteenveto                              :S:Nom:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedon                             :S:Gen:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvetoa                             :S:Par:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedossa                           :S:Ine:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedosta                           :S:Ela:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvetoon                            :S:Ill:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedolla                           :S:Ade:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedolta                           :S:Abl:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedolle                           :S:All:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvetona                            :S:Ess:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedotta                           :S:Abe:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedot                             :P:Nom:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvetojen                           :P:Gen:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvetoja                            :P:Par:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoista                          :P:Ela:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvetoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoille                          :P:All:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvetoina                           :P:Ess:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvedoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhteenveto
yhteenvetoine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteenveto
yhteinen                                :S:Nom:                   yhteinen
yhteisen                                :S:Gen:                   yhteinen
yhteistä                                :S:Par:                   yhteinen
yhteisessä                              :S:Ine:                   yhteinen
yhteisestä                              :S:Ela:                   yhteinen
yhteiseen                               :S:Ill:                   yhteinen
yhteisellä                              :S:Ade:                   yhteinen
yhteiseltä                              :S:Abl:                   yhteinen
yhteiselle                              :S:All:                   yhteinen
yhteisenä                               :S:Ess:                   yhteinen
yhteiseksi                              :S:Tra:                   yhteinen
yhteisettä                              :S:Abe:                   yhteinen
yhteiset                                :P:Nom:                   yhteinen
yhteisten                               :P:Gen:                   yhteinen
yhteisin                                :P:Gen:                   yhteinen
yhteisiä                                :P:Par:                   yhteinen
yhteisissä                              :P:Ine:                   yhteinen
yhteisistä                              :P:Ela:                   yhteinen
yhteisiin                               :P:Ill:                   yhteinen
yhteisillä                              :P:Ade:                   yhteinen
yhteisiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yhteinen
yhteisille                              :P:All:                   yhteinen
yhteisinä                               :P:Ess:                   yhteinen
yhteisiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yhteinen
yhteisin                                :P:Ins:                   yhteinen
yhteisittä                              :P:Abe:                   yhteinen
yhteisine                               :P:Kom:                   yhteinen
yhteisantenni                           :S:Nom:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennin                          :S:Gen:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennia                          :S:Par:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennissa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennista                        :S:Ela:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenniin                         :S:Ill:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennilla                        :S:Ade:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennilta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennille                        :S:All:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennina                         :S:Ess:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenniksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennitta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennit                          :P:Nom:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennien                         :P:Gen:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneiden                       :P:Gen:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneitten                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneja                         :P:Par:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneita                        :P:Par:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneista                       :P:Ela:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneille                       :P:All:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneina                        :P:Ess:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantennein                         :P:Ins:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisantenneine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteisantenni
yhteisarvo                              :S:Nom:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvon                             :S:Gen:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoa                             :S:Par:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvossa                           :S:Ine:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvosta                           :S:Ela:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoon                            :S:Ill:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvolla                           :S:Ade:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvolta                           :S:Abl:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvolle                           :S:All:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvona                            :S:Ess:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvotta                           :S:Abe:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvot                             :P:Nom:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvojen                           :P:Gen:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoja                            :P:Par:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoista                          :P:Ela:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoille                          :P:All:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoina                           :P:Ess:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisarvoine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteisarvo
yhteisasunto                            :S:Nom:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnon                           :S:Gen:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasuntoa                           :S:Par:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnossa                         :S:Ine:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnosta                         :S:Ela:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasuntoon                          :S:Ill:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnolla                         :S:Ade:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnolta                         :S:Abl:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnolle                         :S:All:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasuntona                          :S:Ess:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnotta                         :S:Abe:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnot                           :P:Nom:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasuntojen                         :P:Gen:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasuntoja                          :P:Par:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoista                        :P:Ela:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasuntoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoille                        :P:All:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasuntoina                         :P:Ess:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoin                          :P:Ins:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasunnoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhteisasunto
yhteisasuntoine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteisasunto
yhteiselin                              :S:Nom:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimen                            :S:Gen:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselintä                            :S:Par:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimessä                          :S:Ine:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimestä                          :S:Ela:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimeen                           :S:Ill:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimellä                          :S:Ade:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimeltä                          :S:Abl:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimelle                          :S:All:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimenä                           :S:Ess:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimettä                          :S:Abe:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimet                            :P:Nom:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimien                           :P:Gen:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselinten                           :P:Gen:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimiä                            :P:Par:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimille                          :P:All:                   yhteiselin
yhteiseliminä                           :P:Ess:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselimine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteiselin
yhteiselo                               :S:Nom:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselon                              :S:Gen:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloa                              :S:Par:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselossa                            :S:Ine:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselosta                            :S:Ela:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloon                             :S:Ill:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselolla                            :S:Ade:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselolta                            :S:Abl:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselolle                            :S:All:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselona                             :S:Ess:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselotta                            :S:Abe:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselot                              :P:Nom:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselojen                            :P:Gen:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloja                             :P:Par:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloista                           :P:Ela:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloihin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloille                           :P:All:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloina                            :P:Ess:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloin                             :P:Ins:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhteiselo
yhteiseloine                            :P:Kom:                   yhteiselo
yhteiselämä                             :S:Nom:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämän                            :S:Gen:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämää                            :S:Par:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämässä                          :S:Ine:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämästä                          :S:Ela:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämään                           :S:Ill:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämällä                          :S:Ade:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämältä                          :S:Abl:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämälle                          :S:All:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämänä                           :S:Ess:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämäksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämättä                          :S:Abe:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämät                            :P:Nom:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämien                           :P:Gen:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämäin                           :P:Gen:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämiä                            :P:Par:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämille                          :P:All:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiseläminä                           :P:Ess:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhteiselämä
yhteiselämine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteiselämä
yhteisesiintyminen                      :S:Nom:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisen                      :S:Gen:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymistä                      :S:Par:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisessä                    :S:Ine:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisestä                    :S:Ela:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymiseen                     :S:Ill:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisellä                    :S:Ade:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymiseltä                    :S:Abl:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymiselle                    :S:All:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisenä                     :S:Ess:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymiseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisettä                    :S:Abe:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymiset                      :P:Nom:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisten                     :P:Gen:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisin                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisiä                      :P:Par:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisissä                    :P:Ine:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisistä                    :P:Ela:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisillä                    :P:Ade:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisille                    :P:All:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisinä                     :P:Ess:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisin                      :P:Ins:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisittä                    :P:Abe:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesiintymisine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteisesiintyminen
yhteisesitys                            :S:Nom:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksen                         :S:Gen:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesitystä                          :S:Par:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesitykseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesitykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesitykselle                       :S:All:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesitykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesitykset                         :P:Nom:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesitysten                         :P:Gen:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksien                        :P:Gen:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksiä                         :P:Par:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksille                       :P:All:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhteisesitys
yhteisesityksine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteisesitys
yhteishaku                              :S:Nom:                   yhteishaku
yhteishaun                              :S:Gen:                   yhteishaku
yhteishakua                             :S:Par:                   yhteishaku
yhteishaussa                            :S:Ine:                   yhteishaku
yhteishausta                            :S:Ela:                   yhteishaku
yhteishakuun                            :S:Ill:                   yhteishaku
yhteishaulla                            :S:Ade:                   yhteishaku
yhteishaulta                            :S:Abl:                   yhteishaku
yhteishaulle                            :S:All:                   yhteishaku
yhteishakuna                            :S:Ess:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhteishaku
yhteishautta                            :S:Abe:                   yhteishaku
yhteishaut                              :P:Nom:                   yhteishaku
yhteishakujen                           :P:Gen:                   yhteishaku
yhteishakuja                            :P:Par:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauista                           :P:Ela:                   yhteishaku
yhteishakuihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauille                           :P:All:                   yhteishaku
yhteishakuina                           :P:Ess:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauin                             :P:Ins:                   yhteishaku
yhteishauitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhteishaku
yhteishakuine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteishaku
yhteishallinta                          :S:Nom:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnan                         :S:Gen:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintaa                         :S:Par:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnassa                       :S:Ine:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnasta                       :S:Ela:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintaan                        :S:Ill:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnalla                       :S:Ade:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnalta                       :S:Abl:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnalle                       :S:All:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintana                        :S:Ess:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnaksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnatta                       :S:Abe:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnat                         :P:Nom:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintojen                       :P:Gen:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintain                        :P:Gen:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintoja                        :P:Par:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnoista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnoille                      :P:All:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintoina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnoin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallinnoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishallintoine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteishallinta
yhteishanke                             :S:Nom:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeen                          :S:Gen:                   yhteishanke
yhteishanketta                          :S:Par:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeeseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeella                        :S:Ade:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeelta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeelle                        :S:All:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeena                         :S:Ess:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeetta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeet                          :P:Nom:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeiden                        :P:Gen:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankeitten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeita                         :P:Par:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeista                        :P:Ela:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeille                        :P:All:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeina                         :P:Ess:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkein                          :P:Ins:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankkeine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteishanke
yhteishankinta                          :S:Nom:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnan                         :S:Gen:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintaa                         :S:Par:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnassa                       :S:Ine:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnasta                       :S:Ela:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintaan                        :S:Ill:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnalla                       :S:Ade:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnalta                       :S:Abl:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnalle                       :S:All:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintana                        :S:Ess:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnaksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnatta                       :S:Abe:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnat                         :P:Nom:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintojen                       :P:Gen:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintain                        :P:Gen:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintoja                        :P:Par:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnoista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnoille                      :P:All:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintoina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnoin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankinnoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteishankinta
yhteishankintoine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteishankinta
yhteisharjoitus                         :S:Nom:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksen                      :S:Gen:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoitusta                       :S:Par:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksessa                    :S:Ine:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksesta                    :S:Ela:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoitukseen                     :S:Ill:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksella                    :S:Ade:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoitukselta                    :S:Abl:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoitukselle                    :S:All:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksena                     :S:Ess:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoitukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksetta                    :S:Abe:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoitukset                      :P:Nom:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoitusten                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksien                     :P:Gen:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksia                      :P:Par:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksista                    :P:Ela:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksille                    :P:All:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksina                     :P:Ess:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksin                      :P:Ins:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteisharjoituksine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteisharjoitus
yhteishauta                             :S:Nom:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudan                            :S:Gen:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautaa                            :S:Par:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudassa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudasta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautaan                           :S:Ill:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudalla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudalta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudalle                          :S:All:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautana                           :S:Ess:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudatta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudat                            :P:Nom:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautojen                          :P:Gen:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautain                           :P:Gen:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautoja                           :P:Par:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudoista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudoille                         :P:All:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautoina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudoin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteishauta
yhteishaudoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteishauta
yhteishautoine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteishauta
yhteishenki                             :S:Nom:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengen                            :S:Gen:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenkeä                            :S:Par:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengessä                          :S:Ine:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengestä                          :S:Ela:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenkeen                           :S:Ill:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengellä                          :S:Ade:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengeltä                          :S:Abl:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengelle                          :S:All:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenkenä                           :S:Ess:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengettä                          :S:Abe:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenget                            :P:Nom:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenkien                           :P:Gen:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenkiä                            :P:Par:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenkiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengille                          :P:All:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenkinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteishenki
yhteishengittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhteishenki
yhteishenkine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteishenki
yhteishinta                             :S:Nom:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnan                            :S:Gen:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintaa                            :S:Par:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnassa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnasta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintaan                           :S:Ill:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnalla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnalta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnalle                          :S:All:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintana                           :S:Ess:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnatta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnat                            :P:Nom:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintojen                          :P:Gen:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintain                           :P:Gen:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintoja                           :P:Par:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnoista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnoille                         :P:All:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintoina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnoin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteishinta
yhteishinnoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteishinta
yhteishintoine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteishinta
yhteishuone                             :S:Nom:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneen                           :S:Gen:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuonetta                          :S:Par:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneessa                         :S:Ine:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneesta                         :S:Ela:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneella                         :S:Ade:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneelta                         :S:Abl:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneelle                         :S:All:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneena                          :S:Ess:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneetta                         :S:Abe:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneet                           :P:Nom:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneiden                         :P:Gen:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneitten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneita                          :P:Par:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneille                         :P:All:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuonein                           :P:Ins:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteishuone
yhteishuoneine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteishuone
yhteishyvä                              :S:Nom:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvän                             :S:Gen:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvää                             :S:Par:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvässä                           :S:Ine:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvästä                           :S:Ela:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvään                            :S:Ill:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvällä                           :S:Ade:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvältä                           :S:Abl:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvälle                           :S:All:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvänä                            :S:Ess:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyväksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvättä                           :S:Abe:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvät                             :P:Nom:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvien                            :P:Gen:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyväin                            :P:Gen:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyviä                             :P:Par:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyviin                            :P:Ill:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyviltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyville                           :P:All:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyviksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvin                             :P:Ins:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhteishyvä
yhteishyvine                            :P:Kom:                   yhteishyvä
yhteisjakelu                            :S:Nom:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelun                           :S:Gen:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelua                           :S:Par:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelussa                         :S:Ine:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelusta                         :S:Ela:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluun                          :S:Ill:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelulla                         :S:Ade:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelulta                         :S:Abl:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelulle                         :S:All:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluna                          :S:Ess:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelutta                         :S:Abe:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelut                           :P:Nom:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakelujen                         :P:Gen:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluiden                        :P:Gen:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluitten                       :P:Gen:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluja                          :P:Par:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluita                         :P:Par:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluista                        :P:Ela:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluille                        :P:All:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluina                         :P:Ess:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluin                          :P:Ins:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteisjakeluine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteisjakelu
yhteiskeittiö                           :S:Nom:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiön                          :S:Gen:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiötä                         :S:Par:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiössä                        :S:Ine:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöstä                        :S:Ela:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöön                         :S:Ill:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöllä                        :S:Ade:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöltä                        :S:Abl:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiölle                        :S:All:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiönä                         :S:Ess:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöttä                        :S:Abe:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöt                          :P:Nom:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöiden                       :P:Gen:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöitten                      :P:Gen:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöitä                        :P:Par:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöille                       :P:All:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöinä                        :P:Ess:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskeittiöine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteiskeittiö
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä               :S:Nom:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmän              :S:Gen:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmää              :S:Par:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmässä            :S:Ine:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmästä            :S:Ela:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmään             :S:Ill:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmällä            :S:Ade:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmältä            :S:Abl:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmälle            :S:All:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmänä             :S:Ess:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmäksi            :S:Tra:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmättä            :S:Abe:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmät              :P:Nom:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmien             :P:Gen:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmäin             :P:Gen:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmiä              :P:Par:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmissä            :P:Ine:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmistä            :P:Ela:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmiin             :P:Ill:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmillä            :P:Ade:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmiltä            :P:Abl:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmille            :P:All:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelminä             :P:Ess:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmiksi            :P:Tra:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmin              :P:Ins:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmittä            :P:Abe:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskelluntajärjestelmine             :P:Kom:                   yhteiskelluntajärjestelmä
yhteiskoulu                             :S:Nom:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoulun                            :S:Gen:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoulua                            :S:Par:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoulussa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoulusta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluun                           :S:Ill:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoululla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoululta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoululle                          :S:All:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluna                           :S:Ess:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoulutta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoulut                            :P:Nom:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskoulujen                          :P:Gen:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluja                           :P:Par:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluille                         :P:All:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskouluine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteiskoulu
yhteiskunnallinen                       :S:Nom:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisen                       :S:Gen:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallista                       :S:Par:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisessa                     :S:Ine:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisesta                     :S:Ela:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnalliseen                      :S:Ill:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisella                     :S:Ade:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnalliselta                     :S:Abl:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnalliselle                     :S:All:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisena                      :S:Ess:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnalliseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisetta                     :S:Abe:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnalliset                       :P:Nom:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisten                      :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisin                       :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisia                       :P:Par:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisista                     :P:Ela:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisille                     :P:All:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisina                      :P:Ess:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallisine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteiskunnallinen
yhteiskunnallistan                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistat                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaa                      :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamme                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistatte                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistavat                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistetaan                   :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallista                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallista                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallista                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallista                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallista                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallista                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallisteta                     :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistin                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistit                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallisti                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistimme                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistitte                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistivat                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettiin                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanen                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanet                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanee                    :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanemme                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanette                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanevat                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettaneen                :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistane                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistane                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistane                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistane                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistane                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistane                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettane                  :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisin                   :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisit                   :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisi                    :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisimme                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisitte                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisivat                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettaisiin               :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisi                    :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisi                    :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisi                    :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisi                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisi                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaisi                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettaisi                 :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallista                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistakoon                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistakaamme                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistakaa                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistakoot                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettakoon                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallista                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistako                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistako                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistako                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistako                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettako                  :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaa                      :Inf1:                    yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaakseen                 :Inf1:L:                  yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaessa                   :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettaessa                :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaen                     :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamassa                  :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamasta                  :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamaan                   :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamalla                  :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamatta                  :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaman                    :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettaman                 :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaminen                  :Inf4:Nom:                yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamista                  :Inf4:Par:                yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamaisillaan             :Inf5:                    yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistava                     :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettava                  :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistama                     :Cip:Age:                 yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistamaton                  :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Con:Per:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistanut                    :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistaneet                   :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallistettu                    :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteiskunnallistaa
yhteiskunnallisuus                      :S:Nom:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuden                    :S:Gen:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuutta                    :S:Par:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuudessa                  :S:Ine:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuudesta                  :S:Ela:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuteen                   :S:Ill:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuudella                  :S:Ade:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuudelta                  :S:Abl:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuudelle                  :S:All:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuutena                   :S:Ess:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuudeksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuutta                    :S:Abe:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuudet                    :P:Nom:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksien                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksia                   :P:Par:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksista                 :P:Ela:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksille                 :P:All:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksina                  :P:Ess:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksin                   :P:Ins:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnallisuuksine                  :P:Kom:                   yhteiskunnallisuus
yhteiskunnanparantaja                   :S:Nom:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajan                  :S:Gen:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajaa                  :S:Par:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajassa                :S:Ine:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajasta                :S:Ela:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajaan                 :S:Ill:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajalla                :S:Ade:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajalta                :S:Abl:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajalle                :S:All:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajana                 :S:Ess:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajaksi                :S:Tra:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajatta                :S:Abe:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajat                  :P:Nom:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajien                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajain                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajia                  :P:Par:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajissa                :P:Ine:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajista                :P:Ela:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajiin                 :P:Ill:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajilla                :P:Ade:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajilta                :P:Abl:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajille                :P:All:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajina                 :P:Ess:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajin                  :P:Ins:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajitta                :P:Abe:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanparantajine                 :P:Kom:                   yhteiskunnanparantaja
yhteiskunnanvastainen                   :S:Nom:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisen                   :S:Gen:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaista                   :S:Par:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisessa                 :S:Ine:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisesta                 :S:Ela:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaiseen                  :S:Ill:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisella                 :S:Ade:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaiselta                 :S:Abl:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaiselle                 :S:All:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisena                  :S:Ess:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaiseksi                 :S:Tra:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisetta                 :S:Abe:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaiset                   :P:Nom:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisten                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisin                   :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisia                   :P:Par:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisissa                 :P:Ine:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisista                 :P:Ela:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisiin                  :P:Ill:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisilla                 :P:Ade:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisilta                 :P:Abl:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisille                 :P:All:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisina                  :P:Ess:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisin                   :P:Ins:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisitta                 :P:Abe:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunnanvastaisine                  :P:Kom:                   yhteiskunnanvastainen
yhteiskunta                             :S:Nom:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnan                            :S:Gen:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntaa                            :S:Par:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnassa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnasta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntaan                           :S:Ill:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnalla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnalta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnalle                          :S:All:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntana                           :S:Ess:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnatta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnat                            :P:Nom:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntien                           :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntain                           :P:Gen:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntia                            :P:Par:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnista                          :P:Ela:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnille                          :P:All:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntina                           :P:Ess:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunniksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskunnitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteiskunta
yhteiskuntaeläin                        :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimen                      :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläintä                      :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimessä                    :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimestä                    :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimeen                     :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimellä                    :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimeltä                    :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimelle                    :S:All:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimenä                     :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimettä                    :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimet                      :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimien                     :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläinten                     :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimiä                      :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimissä                    :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimistä                    :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimillä                    :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimille                    :P:All:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläiminä                     :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimin                      :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimittä                    :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaeläimine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntaeläin
yhteiskuntaelämä                        :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämän                       :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämää                       :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämässä                     :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämästä                     :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämään                      :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämällä                     :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämältä                     :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämälle                     :S:All:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämänä                      :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämäksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämättä                     :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämät                       :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämien                      :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämäin                      :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämiä                       :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämissä                     :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämistä                     :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämillä                     :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämille                     :P:All:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaeläminä                      :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämittä                     :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntaelämine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntaelämä
yhteiskuntafilosofia                    :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofian                   :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiaa                   :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiassa                 :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiasta                 :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiaan                  :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofialla                 :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofialta                 :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofialle                 :S:All:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiana                  :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiaksi                 :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiatta                 :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiat                   :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioiden                :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioitten               :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofiain                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioita                 :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioissa                :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioista                :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioihin                :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioilla                :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioilta                :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioille                :P:All:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioina                 :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioin                  :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioitta                :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntafilosofioine                 :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntafilosofia
yhteiskuntahyönteinen                   :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisen                   :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteistä                   :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisessä                 :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisestä                 :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteiseen                  :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisellä                 :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteiseltä                 :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteiselle                 :S:All:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisenä                  :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteiseksi                 :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisettä                 :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteiset                   :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisten                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisin                   :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisiä                   :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisissä                 :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisistä                 :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisiin                  :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisillä                 :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisiltä                 :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisille                 :P:All:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisinä                  :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisin                   :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisittä                 :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntahyönteisine                  :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntahyönteinen
yhteiskuntajärjestelmä                  :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmän                 :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmää                 :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmässä               :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmästä               :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmään                :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmällä               :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmältä               :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmälle               :S:All:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmänä                :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmäksi               :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmättä               :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmät                 :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmien                :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmäin                :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmiä                 :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmissä               :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmistä               :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmiin                :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmillä               :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmiltä               :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmille               :P:All:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelminä                :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmiksi               :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmin                 :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmittä               :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestelmine                :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntajärjestelmä
yhteiskuntajärjestys                    :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksen                 :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestystä                  :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksessä               :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksestä               :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestykseen                :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksellä               :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestykseltä               :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestykselle               :S:All:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksenä                :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestykseksi               :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksettä               :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestykset                 :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestysten                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksien                :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksiä                 :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksissä               :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksistä               :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksiin                :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksillä               :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksiltä               :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksille               :P:All:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksinä                :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksiksi               :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksin                 :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksittä               :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntajärjestyksine                :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntajärjestys
yhteiskuntakelpoinen                    :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisen                    :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoista                    :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisessa                  :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisesta                  :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoiseen                   :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisella                  :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoiselta                  :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoiselle                  :S:All:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisena                   :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoiseksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisetta                  :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoiset                    :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisten                   :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisin                    :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisia                    :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisissa                  :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisista                  :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisiin                   :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisilla                  :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisilta                  :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisille                  :P:All:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisina                   :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisin                    :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisitta                  :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisine                   :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntakelpoinen
yhteiskuntakelpoisuus                   :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuden                 :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuutta                 :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuudessa               :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuudesta               :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuteen                :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuudella               :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuudelta               :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuudelle               :S:All:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuutena                :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuudeksi               :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuutta                 :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuudet                 :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksien               :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksia                :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksissa              :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksista              :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksiin               :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksilla              :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksilta              :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksille              :P:All:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksina               :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksiksi              :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksin                :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksitta              :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakelpoisuuksine               :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntakelpoisuus
yhteiskuntakerros                       :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksen                    :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerrosta                     :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksessa                  :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksesta                  :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerrokseen                   :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksella                  :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerrokselta                  :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerrokselle                  :S:All:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksena                   :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerrokseksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksetta                  :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerrokset                    :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerrosten                    :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksien                   :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksia                    :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksissa                  :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksista                  :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksiin                   :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksilla                  :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksilta                  :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksille                  :P:All:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksina                   :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksin                    :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksitta                  :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakerroksine                   :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntakerros
yhteiskuntakriitikko                    :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikon                    :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikkoa                   :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikossa                  :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikosta                  :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikkoon                  :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikolla                  :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikolta                  :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikolle                  :S:All:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikkona                  :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikotta                  :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikot                    :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikkojen                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoiden                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoitten                :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikkoja                  :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoita                  :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoissa                 :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoista                 :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikkoihin                :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoihin                 :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoilla                 :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoilta                 :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoille                 :P:All:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikkoina                 :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoin                   :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoitta                 :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriitikoine                  :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntakriitikko
yhteiskuntakriittinen                   :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisen                   :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittistä                   :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisessä                 :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisestä                 :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittiseen                  :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisellä                 :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittiseltä                 :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittiselle                 :S:All:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisenä                  :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittiseksi                 :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisettä                 :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittiset                   :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisten                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisin                   :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisiä                   :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisissä                 :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisistä                 :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisiin                  :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisillä                 :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisiltä                 :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisille                 :P:All:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisinä                  :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisin                   :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisittä                 :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakriittisine                  :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntakriittinen
yhteiskuntakritiikki                    :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikin                    :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikkiä                   :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikissä                  :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikistä                  :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikkiin                  :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikillä                  :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikiltä                  :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikille                  :S:All:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikkinä                  :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikiksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikittä                  :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikit                    :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikkien                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikkejä                  :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikeissä                 :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikeistä                 :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikkeihin                :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikeillä                 :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikeiltä                 :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikeille                 :P:All:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikkeinä                 :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikeiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikein                   :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikeittä                 :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntakritiikkeine                 :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntakritiikki
yhteiskuntaluokka                       :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokan                       :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkaa                      :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokassa                     :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokasta                     :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkaan                     :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokalla                     :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokalta                     :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokalle                     :S:All:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkana                     :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokatta                     :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokat                       :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkien                     :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkain                     :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkia                      :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokista                     :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokille                     :P:All:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkina                     :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaluokkine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntaluokka
yhteiskuntaoppi                         :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopin                         :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaoppia                        :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopissa                       :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopista                       :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaoppiin                       :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopilla                       :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopilta                       :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopille                       :S:All:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaoppina                       :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopiksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopitta                       :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopit                         :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaoppien                       :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaoppeja                       :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopeissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopeista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaoppeihin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopeilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopeilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopeille                      :P:All:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaoppeina                      :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopein                        :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaopeitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntaoppeine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntaoppi
yhteiskuntapoliittinen                  :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisen                  :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittista                  :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisessa                :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisesta                :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittiseen                 :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisella                :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittiselta                :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittiselle                :S:All:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisena                 :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittiseksi                :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisetta                :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittiset                  :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisten                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisin                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisia                  :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisissa                :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisista                :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisiin                 :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisilla                :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisilta                :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisille                :P:All:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisina                 :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisin                  :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisitta                :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapoliittisine                 :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntapoliittinen
yhteiskuntapolitiikka                   :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikan                   :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkaa                  :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikassa                 :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikasta                 :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkaan                 :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikalla                 :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikalta                 :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikalle                 :S:All:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkana                 :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikaksi                 :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikatta                 :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikat                   :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkojen                :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkain                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkoja                 :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikoissa                :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikoista                :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkoihin               :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikoilla                :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikoilta                :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikoille                :P:All:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkoina                :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikoiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikoin                  :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikoitta                :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntapolitiikkoine                :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntapolitiikka
yhteiskuntarakenne                      :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteen                    :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakennetta                   :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteessa                  :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteesta                  :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteeseen                 :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteella                  :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteelta                  :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteelle                  :S:All:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteena                   :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteeksi                  :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteetta                  :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteet                    :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteiden                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenneitten                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteita                   :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteissa                  :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteista                  :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteisiin                 :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteihin                  :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteilla                  :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteilta                  :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteille                  :P:All:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteina                   :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakentein                    :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteitta                  :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntarakenteine                   :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntarakenne
yhteiskuntaromaani                      :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanin                     :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaania                     :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanissa                   :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanista                   :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaniin                    :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanilla                   :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanilta                   :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanille                   :S:All:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanina                    :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaniksi                   :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanitta                   :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanit                     :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanien                    :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneiden                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneitten                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneja                    :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneita                   :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneissa                  :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneista                  :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneihin                  :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneilla                  :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneilta                  :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneille                  :P:All:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneina                   :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaanein                    :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneitta                  :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntaromaaneine                   :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntaromaani
yhteiskuntasatiiri                      :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirin                     :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiiria                     :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirissa                   :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirista                   :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiiriin                    :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirilla                   :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirilta                   :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirille                   :S:All:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirina                    :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiiriksi                   :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiiritta                   :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirit                     :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirien                    :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireiden                  :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireitten                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireja                    :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireita                   :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireissa                  :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireista                  :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireihin                  :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireilla                  :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireilta                  :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireille                  :P:All:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireina                   :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiirein                    :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireitta                  :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasatiireine                   :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntasatiiri
yhteiskuntasuhde                        :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteen                      :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhdetta                     :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteessa                    :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteesta                    :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteeseen                   :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteella                    :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteelta                    :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteelle                    :S:All:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteena                     :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteetta                    :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteet                      :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteiden                    :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhdeitten                   :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteita                     :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteista                    :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteisiin                   :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteihin                    :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteille                    :P:All:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteina                     :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhtein                      :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuhteine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntasuhde
yhteiskuntasuunnittelu                  :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelun                 :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelua                 :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelussa               :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelusta               :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluun                :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelulla               :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelulta               :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelulle               :S:All:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluna                :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluksi               :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelutta               :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelut                 :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnittelujen               :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluiden              :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluitten             :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluja                :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluita               :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluissa              :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluista              :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluihin              :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluilla              :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluilta              :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluille              :P:All:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluina               :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluiksi              :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluin                :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluitta              :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntasuunnitteluine               :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntasuunnittelu
yhteiskuntatiede                        :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteen                      :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatiedettä                     :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteessä                    :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteestä                    :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteeseen                   :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteellä                    :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteeltä                    :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteelle                    :S:All:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteenä                     :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteettä                    :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteet                      :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteiden                    :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatiedeitten                   :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteitä                     :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteissä                    :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteistä                    :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteisiin                   :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteihin                    :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteillä                    :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteille                    :P:All:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteinä                     :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatietein                      :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteittä                    :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntatiede
yhteiskuntatieteellinen                 :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisen                 :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellistä                 :S:Par:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisessä               :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisestä               :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteelliseen                :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisellä               :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteelliseltä               :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteelliselle               :S:All:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisenä                :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteelliseksi               :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisettä               :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteelliset                 :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisten                :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisin                 :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisiä                 :P:Par:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisissä               :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisistä               :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisiin                :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisillä               :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisiltä               :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisille               :P:All:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisinä                :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisiksi               :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisin                 :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisittä               :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuntatieteellisine                :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuntatieteellinen
yhteiskuva                              :S:Nom:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvan                             :S:Gen:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvaa                             :S:Par:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvassa                           :S:Ine:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvasta                           :S:Ela:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvaan                            :S:Ill:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvalla                           :S:Ade:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvalta                           :S:Abl:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvalle                           :S:All:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvana                            :S:Ess:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvatta                           :S:Abe:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvat                             :P:Nom:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvien                            :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvain                            :P:Gen:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvia                             :P:Par:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvissa                           :P:Ine:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvista                           :P:Ela:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuviin                            :P:Ill:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvilla                           :P:Ade:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvilta                           :P:Abl:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuville                           :P:All:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvina                            :P:Ess:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuviksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvin                             :P:Ins:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvitta                           :P:Abe:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskuvine                            :P:Kom:                   yhteiskuva
yhteiskäyttö                            :S:Nom:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytön                            :S:Gen:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäyttöä                           :S:Par:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytössä                          :S:Ine:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöstä                          :S:Ela:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäyttöön                          :S:Ill:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöllä                          :S:Ade:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöltä                          :S:Abl:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytölle                          :S:All:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäyttönä                          :S:Ess:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöttä                          :S:Abe:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöt                            :P:Nom:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäyttöjen                         :P:Gen:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäyttöjä                          :P:Par:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöissä                         :P:Ine:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöistä                         :P:Ela:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäyttöihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöillä                         :P:Ade:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöille                         :P:All:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäyttöinä                         :P:Ess:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäytöittä                         :P:Abe:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteiskäyttöine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteiskäyttö
yhteislaukaus                           :S:Nom:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksen                        :S:Gen:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukausta                         :S:Par:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukaukseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksella                      :S:Ade:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukaukselta                      :S:Abl:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukaukselle                      :S:All:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksena                       :S:Ess:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukaukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksetta                      :S:Abe:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukaukset                        :P:Nom:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukausten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksien                       :P:Gen:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksia                        :P:Par:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksille                      :P:All:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaukauksine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteislaukaus
yhteislaulu                             :S:Nom:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaulun                            :S:Gen:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaulua                            :S:Par:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaulussa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaulusta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluun                           :S:Ill:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaululla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaululta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaululle                          :S:All:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluna                           :S:Ess:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaulutta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaulut                            :P:Nom:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislaulujen                          :P:Gen:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluja                           :P:Par:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluille                         :P:All:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislauluine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteislaulu
yhteislyseo                             :S:Nom:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseon                            :S:Gen:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseota                           :S:Par:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseossa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseosta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoon                           :S:Ill:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseolla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseolta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseolle                          :S:All:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseona                           :S:Ess:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseotta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseot                            :P:Nom:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoiden                         :P:Gen:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoitten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoita                          :P:Par:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoille                         :P:All:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislyseoine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteislyseo
yhteislähetys                           :S:Nom:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksen                        :S:Gen:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetystä                         :S:Par:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetykseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetykselle                      :S:All:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetykset                        :P:Nom:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetysten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksille                      :P:All:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähetyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteislähetys
yhteislähtö                             :S:Nom:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdön                            :S:Gen:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähtöä                            :S:Par:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdössä                          :S:Ine:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöstä                          :S:Ela:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähtöön                           :S:Ill:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöllä                          :S:Ade:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöltä                          :S:Abl:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdölle                          :S:All:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähtönä                           :S:Ess:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöttä                          :S:Abe:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöt                            :P:Nom:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähtöjen                          :P:Gen:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähtöjä                           :P:Par:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöissä                         :P:Ine:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöistä                         :P:Ela:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähtöihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöillä                         :P:Ade:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöille                         :P:All:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähtöinä                          :P:Ess:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähdöittä                         :P:Abe:                   yhteislähtö
yhteislähtöine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteislähtö
yhteismaa                               :S:Nom:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaan                              :S:Gen:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaata                             :S:Par:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaassa                            :S:Ine:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaasta                            :S:Ela:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaahan                            :S:Ill:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaalla                            :S:Ade:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaalta                            :S:Abl:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaalle                            :S:All:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaana                             :S:Ess:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaatta                            :S:Abe:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaat                              :P:Nom:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaiden                            :P:Gen:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaitten                           :P:Gen:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaita                             :P:Par:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaissa                            :P:Ine:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaista                            :P:Ela:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaihin                            :P:Ill:                   yhteismaa
yhteismailla                            :P:Ade:                   yhteismaa
yhteismailta                            :P:Abl:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaille                            :P:All:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaina                             :P:Ess:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yhteismaa
yhteismain                              :P:Ins:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaitta                            :P:Abe:                   yhteismaa
yhteismaine                             :P:Kom:                   yhteismaa
yhteismajoitus                          :S:Nom:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksen                       :S:Gen:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoitusta                        :S:Par:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksessa                     :S:Ine:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksesta                     :S:Ela:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoitukseen                      :S:Ill:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksella                     :S:Ade:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoitukselta                     :S:Abl:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoitukselle                     :S:All:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksena                      :S:Ess:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoitukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksetta                     :S:Abe:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoitukset                       :P:Nom:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoitusten                       :P:Gen:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksia                       :P:Par:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksista                     :P:Ela:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksille                     :P:All:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksina                      :P:Ess:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismajoituksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteismajoitus
yhteismarkkina                          :S:Nom:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinan                         :S:Gen:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinaa                         :S:Par:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinassa                       :S:Ine:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinasta                       :S:Ela:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinaan                        :S:Ill:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinalla                       :S:Ade:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinalta                       :S:Abl:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinalle                       :S:All:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinana                        :S:Ess:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinaksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinatta                       :S:Abe:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinat                         :P:Nom:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoiden                      :P:Gen:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoitten                     :P:Gen:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinain                        :P:Gen:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoita                       :P:Par:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoille                      :P:All:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismarkkinoine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteismarkkinat
yhteismetsä                             :S:Nom:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsän                            :S:Gen:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsää                            :S:Par:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsässä                          :S:Ine:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsästä                          :S:Ela:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsään                           :S:Ill:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsällä                          :S:Ade:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsältä                          :S:Abl:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsälle                          :S:All:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsänä                           :S:Ess:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsäksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsättä                          :S:Abe:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsät                            :P:Nom:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsien                           :P:Gen:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsäin                           :P:Gen:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsiä                            :P:Par:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsille                          :P:All:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismetsine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteismetsä
yhteismitallinen                        :S:Nom:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisen                        :S:Gen:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallista                        :S:Par:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitalliseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisella                      :S:Ade:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitalliselta                      :S:Abl:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitalliselle                      :S:All:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisena                       :S:Ess:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitalliseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitalliset                        :P:Nom:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisten                       :P:Gen:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisin                        :P:Gen:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisia                        :P:Par:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisille                      :P:All:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitallisine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteismitallinen
yhteismitaton                           :S:Nom:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattoman                        :S:Gen:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitatonta                         :S:Par:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomassa                      :S:Ine:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomasta                      :S:Ela:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomaan                       :S:Ill:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomalla                      :S:Ade:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomalta                      :S:Abl:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomalle                      :S:All:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomana                       :S:Ess:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomatta                      :S:Abe:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomat                        :P:Nom:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomien                       :P:Gen:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitatonten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomia                        :P:Par:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomille                      :P:All:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteismitaton
yhteismitattomuus                       :S:Nom:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuden                     :S:Gen:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuutta                     :S:Par:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuudessa                   :S:Ine:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuudesta                   :S:Ela:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuteen                    :S:Ill:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuudella                   :S:Ade:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuudelta                   :S:Abl:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuudelle                   :S:All:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuutena                    :S:Ess:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuudeksi                   :S:Tra:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuutta                     :S:Abe:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuudet                     :P:Nom:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksien                   :P:Gen:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksia                    :P:Par:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksista                  :P:Ela:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksille                  :P:All:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksina                   :P:Ess:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksin                    :P:Ins:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteismitattomuuksine                   :P:Kom:                   yhteismitattomuus
yhteisnäyttely                          :S:Nom:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyn                         :S:Gen:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyä                         :S:Par:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyssä                       :S:Ine:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelystä                       :S:Ela:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyyn                        :S:Ill:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyllä                       :S:Ade:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyltä                       :S:Abl:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelylle                       :S:All:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelynä                        :S:Ess:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyttä                       :S:Abe:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyt                         :P:Nom:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyjen                       :P:Gen:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyiden                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyitten                     :P:Gen:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyjä                        :P:Par:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyitä                       :P:Par:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyissä                      :P:Ine:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyistä                      :P:Ela:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyihin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyillä                      :P:Ade:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyille                      :P:All:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyinä                       :P:Ess:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyittä                      :P:Abe:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisnäyttelyine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteisnäyttely
yhteisomaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteisomaisuus
yhteisomistus                           :S:Nom:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksen                        :S:Gen:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistusta                         :S:Par:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistukseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksella                      :S:Ade:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistukselta                      :S:Abl:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistukselle                      :S:All:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksena                       :S:Ess:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksetta                      :S:Abe:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistukset                        :P:Nom:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistusten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksia                        :P:Par:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksille                      :P:All:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteisomistus
yhteisomistuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteisomistus
yhteispeli                              :S:Nom:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelin                             :S:Gen:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeliä                             :S:Par:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelissä                           :S:Ine:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelistä                           :S:Ela:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeliin                            :S:Ill:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelillä                           :S:Ade:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeliltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelille                           :S:All:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelinä                            :S:Ess:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeliksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelittä                           :S:Abe:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelit                             :P:Nom:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelien                            :P:Gen:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelejä                            :P:Par:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleille                          :P:All:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteispeli
yhteispelein                            :P:Ins:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhteispeli
yhteispeleine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteispeli
yhteispiste                             :S:Nom:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteen                           :S:Gen:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispistettä                          :S:Par:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteessä                         :S:Ine:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteestä                         :S:Ela:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteellä                         :S:Ade:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteelle                         :S:All:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteenä                          :S:Ess:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteettä                         :S:Abe:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteet                           :P:Nom:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteiden                         :P:Gen:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteitten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteitä                          :P:Par:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteissä                         :P:Ine:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteistä                         :P:Ela:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteillä                         :P:Ade:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteille                         :P:All:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteinä                          :P:Ess:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispistein                           :P:Ins:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteittä                         :P:Abe:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispisteine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteispisteet
yhteispituus                            :S:Nom:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuden                          :S:Gen:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituutta                          :S:Par:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuteen                         :S:Ill:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituudella                        :S:Ade:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituudelle                        :S:All:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituutena                         :S:Ess:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituutta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituudet                          :P:Nom:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksia                         :P:Par:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksille                       :P:All:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhteispituus
yhteispituuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteispituus
yhteispohjoismainen                     :S:Nom:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisen                     :S:Gen:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaista                     :S:Par:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisessa                   :S:Ine:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisesta                   :S:Ela:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaiseen                    :S:Ill:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisella                   :S:Ade:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaiselta                   :S:Abl:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaiselle                   :S:All:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisena                    :S:Ess:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaiseksi                   :S:Tra:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisetta                   :S:Abe:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaiset                     :P:Nom:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisten                    :P:Gen:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisin                     :P:Gen:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisia                     :P:Par:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisissa                   :P:Ine:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisista                   :P:Ela:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisiin                    :P:Ill:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisilla                   :P:Ade:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisilta                   :P:Abl:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisille                   :P:All:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisina                    :P:Ess:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisin                     :P:Ins:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisitta                   :P:Abe:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispohjoismaisine                    :P:Kom:                   yhteispohjoismainen
yhteispäätös                            :S:Nom:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksen                         :S:Gen:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöstä                          :S:Par:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksessä                       :S:Ine:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksestä                       :S:Ela:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätökseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksellä                       :S:Ade:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätökseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätökselle                       :S:All:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksenä                        :S:Ess:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätökseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksettä                       :S:Abe:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätökset                         :P:Nom:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätösten                         :P:Gen:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksien                        :P:Gen:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksiä                         :P:Par:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksille                       :P:All:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhteispäätös
yhteispäätöksine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteispäätös
yhteissuoli                             :S:Nom:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolen                            :S:Gen:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolta                            :S:Par:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolessa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolesta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuoleen                           :S:Ill:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolella                          :S:Ade:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolelta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolelle                          :S:All:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolena                           :S:Ess:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuoleksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuoletta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolet                            :P:Nom:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolten                           :P:Gen:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolien                           :P:Gen:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolia                            :P:Par:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolista                          :P:Ela:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuoliin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolille                          :P:All:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolina                           :P:Ess:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuoliksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuolitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhteissuoli
yhteissuoline                           :P:Kom:                   yhteissuoli
yhteistalous                            :S:Nom:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouden                          :S:Gen:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloutta                          :S:Par:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouteen                         :S:Ill:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloudella                        :S:Ade:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloudelle                        :S:All:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloutena                         :S:Ess:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloutta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteistalous
yhteistaloudet                          :P:Nom:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksien                        :P:Gen:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksia                         :P:Par:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksista                       :P:Ela:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksille                       :P:All:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksina                        :P:Ess:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhteistalous
yhteistalouksine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteistalous
yhteistoimi                             :S:Nom:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimen                            :S:Gen:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistointa                            :S:Par:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimea                            :S:Par:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimessa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimesta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimeen                           :S:Ill:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimella                          :S:Ade:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimelta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimelle                          :S:All:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimena                           :S:Ess:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimetta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimet                            :P:Nom:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimien                           :P:Gen:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistointen                           :P:Gen:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimia                            :P:Par:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimista                          :P:Ela:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimille                          :P:All:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimina                           :P:Ess:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoimine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteistoimi
yhteistoiminta                          :S:Nom:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnan                         :S:Gen:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintaa                         :S:Par:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnassa                       :S:Ine:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnasta                       :S:Ela:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintaan                        :S:Ill:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnalla                       :S:Ade:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnalta                       :S:Abl:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnalle                       :S:All:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintana                        :S:Ess:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnaksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnatta                       :S:Abe:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnat                         :P:Nom:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintojen                       :P:Gen:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintain                        :P:Gen:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintoja                        :P:Par:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnoista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnoille                      :P:All:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintoina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnoin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoiminnoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintoine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteistoiminta
yhteistoimintamenettely                 :S:Nom:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyn                :S:Gen:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyä                :S:Par:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyssä              :S:Ine:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelystä              :S:Ela:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyyn               :S:Ill:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyllä              :S:Ade:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyltä              :S:Abl:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelylle              :S:All:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelynä               :S:Ess:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyksi              :S:Tra:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyttä              :S:Abe:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyt                :P:Nom:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyjen              :P:Gen:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyiden             :P:Gen:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyitten            :P:Gen:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyjä               :P:Par:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyitä              :P:Par:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyissä             :P:Ine:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyistä             :P:Ela:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyihin             :P:Ill:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyillä             :P:Ade:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyiltä             :P:Abl:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyille             :P:All:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyinä              :P:Ess:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyiksi             :P:Tra:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyin               :P:Ins:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyittä             :P:Abe:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimintamenettelyine              :P:Kom:                   yhteistoimintamenettely
yhteistoimivuus                         :S:Nom:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuutta                       :S:Par:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuudelle                     :S:All:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksille                    :P:All:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistoimivuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteistoimivuus
yhteistulos                             :S:Nom:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksen                          :S:Gen:                   yhteistulos
yhteistulosta                           :S:Par:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhteistulos
yhteistulokseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksella                        :S:Ade:                   yhteistulos
yhteistulokselta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteistulos
yhteistulokselle                        :S:All:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksena                         :S:Ess:                   yhteistulos
yhteistulokseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksetta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteistulos
yhteistulokset                          :P:Nom:                   yhteistulos
yhteistulosten                          :P:Gen:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksien                         :P:Gen:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksia                          :P:Par:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksista                        :P:Ela:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksille                        :P:All:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksina                         :P:Ess:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksin                          :P:Ins:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhteistulos
yhteistuloksine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteistulos
yhteistyö                               :S:Nom:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyön                              :S:Gen:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyötä                             :S:Par:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyössä                            :S:Ine:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyöstä                            :S:Ela:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyöhön                            :S:Ill:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyöllä                            :S:Ade:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyöltä                            :S:Abl:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyölle                            :S:All:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyönä                             :S:Ess:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyöksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyöttä                            :S:Abe:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyöt                              :P:Nom:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöiden                            :P:Gen:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöitten                           :P:Gen:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöitä                             :P:Par:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöissä                            :P:Ine:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöistä                            :P:Ela:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöihin                            :P:Ill:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöillä                            :P:Ade:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöille                            :P:All:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöinä                             :P:Ess:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöin                              :P:Ins:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöittä                            :P:Abe:                   yhteistyö
yhteistöine                             :P:Kom:                   yhteistyö
yhteistyöelin                           :S:Nom:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimen                         :S:Gen:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelintä                         :S:Par:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimessä                       :S:Ine:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimestä                       :S:Ela:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimeen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimellä                       :S:Ade:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimeltä                       :S:Abl:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimelle                       :S:All:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimenä                        :S:Ess:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimettä                       :S:Abe:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimet                         :P:Nom:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimien                        :P:Gen:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelinten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimiä                         :P:Par:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimille                       :P:All:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöeliminä                        :P:Ess:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyöelimine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteistyöelin
yhteistyösopimus                        :S:Nom:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksen                     :S:Gen:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimusta                      :S:Par:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksessa                   :S:Ine:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksesta                   :S:Ela:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimukseen                    :S:Ill:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksella                   :S:Ade:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimukselta                   :S:Abl:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimukselle                   :S:All:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksena                    :S:Ess:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimukseksi                   :S:Tra:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksetta                   :S:Abe:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimukset                     :P:Nom:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimusten                     :P:Gen:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksia                     :P:Par:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksille                   :P:All:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyösopimuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yhteistyösopimus
yhteistyövaltuuskunta                   :S:Nom:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnan                  :S:Gen:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntaa                  :S:Par:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnassa                :S:Ine:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnasta                :S:Ela:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntaan                 :S:Ill:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnalla                :S:Ade:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnalta                :S:Abl:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnalle                :S:All:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntana                 :S:Ess:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnaksi                :S:Tra:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnatta                :S:Abe:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnat                  :P:Nom:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntien                 :P:Gen:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntain                 :P:Gen:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntia                  :P:Par:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnissa                :P:Ine:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnista                :P:Ela:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntiin                 :P:Ill:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnilla                :P:Ade:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnilta                :P:Abl:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnille                :P:All:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntina                 :P:Ess:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunniksi                :P:Tra:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnin                  :P:Ins:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskunnitta                :P:Abe:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteistyövaltuuskuntine                 :P:Kom:                   yhteistyövaltuuskunta
yhteisvaikutteinen                      :S:Nom:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisen                      :S:Gen:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteista                      :S:Par:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisessa                    :S:Ine:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisesta                    :S:Ela:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteiseen                     :S:Ill:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisella                    :S:Ade:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteiselta                    :S:Abl:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteiselle                    :S:All:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisena                     :S:Ess:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteiseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisetta                    :S:Abe:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteiset                      :P:Nom:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisten                     :P:Gen:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisin                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisia                      :P:Par:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisista                    :P:Ela:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisille                    :P:All:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisina                     :P:Ess:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisin                      :P:Ins:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutteisine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteisvaikutteinen
yhteisvaikutus                          :S:Nom:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksen                       :S:Gen:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutusta                        :S:Par:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutukseen                      :S:Ill:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksella                     :S:Ade:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutukselta                     :S:Abl:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutukselle                     :S:All:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksena                      :S:Ess:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutukset                       :P:Nom:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutusten                       :P:Gen:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksia                       :P:Par:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksille                     :P:All:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvaikutuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteisvaikutus
yhteisvalinta                           :S:Nom:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnan                          :S:Gen:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintaa                          :S:Par:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnassa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnasta                        :S:Ela:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintaan                         :S:Ill:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnalla                        :S:Ade:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnalta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnalle                        :S:All:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintana                         :S:Ess:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnatta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnat                          :P:Nom:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintojen                        :P:Gen:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintain                         :P:Gen:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintoja                         :P:Par:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnoissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnoista                       :P:Ela:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnoilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnoilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnoille                       :P:All:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintoina                        :P:Ess:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnoin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalinnoitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvalintoine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteisvalinta
yhteisvastua                            :S:Nom:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuan                           :S:Gen:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuata                          :S:Par:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuassa                         :S:Ine:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuasta                         :S:Ela:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuuseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastualla                         :S:Ade:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastualta                         :S:Abl:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastualle                         :S:All:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuana                          :S:Ess:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuatta                         :S:Abe:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuat                           :P:Nom:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuiden                         :P:Gen:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuitten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuita                          :P:Par:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuille                         :P:All:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteisvastuu
yhteisvastuullinen                      :S:Nom:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisen                      :S:Gen:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullista                      :S:Par:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisessa                    :S:Ine:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisesta                    :S:Ela:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuulliseen                     :S:Ill:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisella                    :S:Ade:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuulliselta                    :S:Abl:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuulliselle                    :S:All:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisena                     :S:Ess:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuulliseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisetta                    :S:Abe:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuulliset                      :P:Nom:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisten                     :P:Gen:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisin                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisia                      :P:Par:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisista                    :P:Ela:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisille                    :P:All:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisina                     :P:Ess:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisin                      :P:Ins:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisine                     :P:Kom:                   yhteisvastuullinen
yhteisvastuullisuus                     :S:Nom:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuden                   :S:Gen:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuutta                   :S:Par:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuudessa                 :S:Ine:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuudesta                 :S:Ela:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuteen                  :S:Ill:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuudella                 :S:Ade:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuudelta                 :S:Abl:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuudelle                 :S:All:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuutena                  :S:Ess:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuudeksi                 :S:Tra:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuutta                   :S:Abe:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuudet                   :P:Nom:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksien                 :P:Gen:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksia                  :P:Par:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksissa                :P:Ine:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksista                :P:Ela:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksiin                 :P:Ill:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksilla                :P:Ade:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksilta                :P:Abl:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksille                :P:All:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksina                 :P:Ess:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksiksi                :P:Tra:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksin                  :P:Ins:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksitta                :P:Abe:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisvastuullisuuksine                 :P:Kom:                   yhteisvastuullisuus
yhteisverotan                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaa                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotamme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotatte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottavat                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotetaan                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverota                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverota                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverota                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverota                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverota                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverota                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisveroteta                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotti                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanen                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanet                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanee                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanemme                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanette                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanevat                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettaneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettane                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisin                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisit                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisimme                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisitte                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisivat                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettaisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettaisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverota                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottakaamme                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottakaa                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottakoot                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettakoon                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverota                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettako                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaa                          :Inf1:                    yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaakseen                     :Inf1:L:                  yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettaessa                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaen                         :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottamassa                      :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottamasta                      :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottamaan                       :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottamalla                      :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottamatta                      :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettaman                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaminen                      :Inf4:Nom:                yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottamista                      :Inf4:Par:                yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottamaisillaan                 :Inf5:                    yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottava                         :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettava                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottama                         :Cip:Age:                 yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottamaton                      :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Con:Per:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottanut                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverottaneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotettu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteisverottaa
yhteisverotus                           :S:Nom:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksen                        :S:Gen:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotusta                         :S:Par:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotukseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksella                      :S:Ade:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotukselta                      :S:Abl:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotukselle                      :S:All:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksena                       :S:Ess:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksetta                      :S:Abe:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotukset                        :P:Nom:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotusten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksia                        :P:Par:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksille                      :P:All:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisverotuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteisverotus
yhteisymmärrys                          :S:Nom:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksen                       :S:Gen:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärrystä                        :S:Par:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksessä                     :S:Ine:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksestä                     :S:Ela:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärrykseen                      :S:Ill:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksellä                     :S:Ade:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärrykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärrykselle                     :S:All:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksenä                      :S:Ess:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärrykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksettä                     :S:Abe:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärrykset                       :P:Nom:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärrysten                       :P:Gen:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksiä                       :P:Par:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksille                     :P:All:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisymmärryksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhteisymmärrys
yhteisyritys                            :S:Nom:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksen                         :S:Gen:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyritystä                          :S:Par:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyritykseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyritykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyritykselle                       :S:All:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyritykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyritykset                         :P:Nom:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyritysten                         :P:Gen:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksien                        :P:Gen:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksiä                         :P:Par:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksille                       :P:All:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyrityksine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteisyritys
yhteisyys                               :S:Nom:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyden                             :S:Gen:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyttä                             :S:Par:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyydessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyydestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyteen                            :S:Ill:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyydellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyydeltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyydelle                           :S:All:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyytenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyydeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyttä                             :S:Abe:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyydet                             :P:Nom:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksien                           :P:Gen:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksiä                            :P:Par:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksille                          :P:All:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksinä                           :P:Ess:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksin                            :P:Ins:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhteisyys
yhteisyyksine                           :P:Kom:                   yhteisyys
yhteisö                                 :S:Nom:                   yhteisö
yhteisön                                :S:Gen:                   yhteisö
yhteisöä                                :S:Par:                   yhteisö
yhteisössä                              :S:Ine:                   yhteisö
yhteisöstä                              :S:Ela:                   yhteisö
yhteisöön                               :S:Ill:                   yhteisö
yhteisöllä                              :S:Ade:                   yhteisö
yhteisöltä                              :S:Abl:                   yhteisö
yhteisölle                              :S:All:                   yhteisö
yhteisönä                               :S:Ess:                   yhteisö
yhteisöksi                              :S:Tra:                   yhteisö
yhteisöttä                              :S:Abe:                   yhteisö
yhteisöt                                :P:Nom:                   yhteisö
yhteisöjen                              :P:Gen:                   yhteisö
yhteisöiden                             :P:Gen:                   yhteisö
yhteisöitten                            :P:Gen:                   yhteisö
yhteisöjä                               :P:Par:                   yhteisö
yhteisöitä                              :P:Par:                   yhteisö
yhteisöissä                             :P:Ine:                   yhteisö
yhteisöistä                             :P:Ela:                   yhteisö
yhteisöihin                             :P:Ill:                   yhteisö
yhteisöillä                             :P:Ade:                   yhteisö
yhteisöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yhteisö
yhteisöille                             :P:All:                   yhteisö
yhteisöinä                              :P:Ess:                   yhteisö
yhteisöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yhteisö
yhteisöin                               :P:Ins:                   yhteisö
yhteisöittä                             :P:Abe:                   yhteisö
yhteisöine                              :P:Kom:                   yhteisö
yhteisöasuminen                         :S:Nom:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisen                         :S:Gen:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumista                         :S:Par:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisella                       :S:Ade:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumiselta                       :S:Abl:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumiselle                       :S:All:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisena                        :S:Ess:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumiset                         :P:Nom:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisten                        :P:Gen:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisin                         :P:Gen:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisia                         :P:Par:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisista                       :P:Ela:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisille                       :P:All:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisina                        :P:Ess:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöasumisine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteisöasuminen
yhteisöllinen                           :S:Nom:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisen                           :S:Gen:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllistä                           :S:Par:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisessä                         :S:Ine:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisestä                         :S:Ela:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisölliseen                          :S:Ill:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisellä                         :S:Ade:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisölliseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisölliselle                         :S:All:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisenä                          :S:Ess:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisölliseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisettä                         :S:Abe:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisölliset                           :P:Nom:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisten                          :P:Gen:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisin                           :P:Gen:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisiä                           :P:Par:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisissä                         :P:Ine:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisistä                         :P:Ela:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisillä                         :P:Ade:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisille                         :P:All:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisinä                          :P:Ess:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisittä                         :P:Abe:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisöllisine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteisöllinen
yhteisötalous                           :S:Nom:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouden                         :S:Gen:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloutta                         :S:Par:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloudessa                       :S:Ine:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloudesta                       :S:Ela:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouteen                        :S:Ill:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloudella                       :S:Ade:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloudelta                       :S:Abl:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloudelle                       :S:All:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloutena                        :S:Ess:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloutta                         :S:Abe:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötaloudet                         :P:Nom:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksien                       :P:Gen:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksia                        :P:Par:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksista                      :P:Ela:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksille                      :P:All:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksina                       :P:Ess:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksin                        :P:Ins:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhteisötalous
yhteisötalouksine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteisötalous
yhtenevyys                              :S:Nom:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyden                            :S:Gen:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyttä                            :S:Par:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyydessä                          :S:Ine:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyydestä                          :S:Ela:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyteen                           :S:Ill:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyydellä                          :S:Ade:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyydeltä                          :S:Abl:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyydelle                          :S:All:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyytenä                           :S:Ess:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyydeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyttä                            :S:Abe:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyydet                            :P:Nom:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksien                          :P:Gen:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksiä                           :P:Par:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksissä                         :P:Ine:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksistä                         :P:Ela:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksillä                         :P:Ade:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksille                         :P:All:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksinä                          :P:Ess:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksin                           :P:Ins:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksittä                         :P:Abe:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevyyksine                          :P:Kom:                   yhtenevyys
yhtenevä                                :S:Nom:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevän                               :S:Gen:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevää                               :S:Par:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevässä                             :S:Ine:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevästä                             :S:Ela:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevään                              :S:Ill:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevällä                             :S:Ade:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevältä                             :S:Abl:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevälle                             :S:All:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevänä                              :S:Ess:                   yhtenevä
yhteneväksi                             :S:Tra:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevättä                             :S:Abe:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevät                               :P:Nom:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevien                              :P:Gen:                   yhtenevä
yhteneväin                              :P:Gen:                   yhtenevä
yhteneviä                               :P:Par:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevissä                             :P:Ine:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevistä                             :P:Ela:                   yhtenevä
yhteneviin                              :P:Ill:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevillä                             :P:Ade:                   yhtenevä
yhteneviltä                             :P:Abl:                   yhtenevä
yhteneville                             :P:All:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevinä                              :P:Ess:                   yhtenevä
yhteneviksi                             :P:Tra:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevin                               :P:Ins:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevittä                             :P:Abe:                   yhtenevä
yhtenevine                              :P:Kom:                   yhtenevä
yhtenäinen                              :S:Nom:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisen                              :S:Gen:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäistä                              :S:Par:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisessä                            :S:Ine:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisestä                            :S:Ela:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisellä                            :S:Ade:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäiselle                            :S:All:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisenä                             :S:Ess:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisettä                            :S:Abe:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäiset                              :P:Nom:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisten                             :P:Gen:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisin                              :P:Gen:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisiä                              :P:Par:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisissä                            :P:Ine:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisistä                            :P:Ela:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisillä                            :P:Ade:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisille                            :P:All:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisinä                             :P:Ess:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisin                              :P:Ins:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisittä                            :P:Abe:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäisine                             :P:Kom:                   yhtenäinen
yhtenäiskoulu                           :S:Nom:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoulun                          :S:Gen:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoulua                          :S:Par:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoulussa                        :S:Ine:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoulusta                        :S:Ela:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluun                         :S:Ill:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoululla                        :S:Ade:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoululta                        :S:Abl:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoululle                        :S:All:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluna                         :S:Ess:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoulutta                        :S:Abe:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoulut                          :P:Nom:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskoulujen                        :P:Gen:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluja                         :P:Par:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluista                       :P:Ela:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluille                       :P:All:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluina                        :P:Ess:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluin                         :P:Ins:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäiskouluine                        :P:Kom:                   yhtenäiskoulu
yhtenäispäällystö                       :S:Nom:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystön                      :S:Gen:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöä                      :S:Par:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystössä                    :S:Ine:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöstä                    :S:Ela:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöön                     :S:Ill:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöllä                    :S:Ade:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöltä                    :S:Abl:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystölle                    :S:All:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystönä                     :S:Ess:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöksi                    :S:Tra:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöttä                    :S:Abe:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöt                      :P:Nom:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöjen                    :P:Gen:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöiden                   :P:Gen:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöitten                  :P:Gen:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöjä                     :P:Par:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöitä                    :P:Par:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöissä                   :P:Ine:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöistä                   :P:Ela:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöihin                   :P:Ill:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöillä                   :P:Ade:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöiltä                   :P:Abl:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöille                   :P:All:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöinä                    :P:Ess:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöin                     :P:Ins:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöittä                   :P:Abe:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäispäällystöine                    :P:Kom:                   yhtenäispäällystö
yhtenäistytän                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttää                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytämme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytätte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttävät                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetään                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetä                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytti                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttivät                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänen                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänet                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänee                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänemme                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänette                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänevät                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettäneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettäne                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisin                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisit                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisimme                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisitte                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisivät                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettäisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettäisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytä                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäköön                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäkäämme                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäkää                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäkööt                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettäköön                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytä                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettäkö                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttää                          :Inf1:                    yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttääkseen                     :Inf1:L:                  yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäessä                       :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettäessä                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäen                         :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämässä                      :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämästä                      :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämään                       :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämällä                      :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämättä                      :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämän                        :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettämän                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäminen                      :Inf4:Nom:                yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämistä                      :Inf4:Par:                yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämäisillään                 :Inf5:                    yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttävä                         :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytettävä                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämä                         :Cip:Age:                 yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttämätön                      :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Con:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttänyt                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyttäneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistytetty                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyttää
yhtenäistyn                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyt                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyy                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyvät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytään                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyi                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyivät                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynevät                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttäneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttäisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäisty                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyköön                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistykäämme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistykää                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistykööt                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttäköön                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäisty                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyä                             :Inf1:                    yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyäkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttäessä                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymässä                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymästä                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymään                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymällä                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymättä                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymän                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttämän                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymistä                         :Inf4:Par:                yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymäisillään                    :Inf5:                    yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyvä                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyttävä                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymä                            :Cip:Age:                 yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistymätön                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Con:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistynyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistyneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistytty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistyä
yhtenäistän                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistät                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistää                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistätte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistävät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetään                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetä                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäistin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäisti                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistivät                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänevät                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettäneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettäne                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettäisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettäisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäistä                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäkäämme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäkää                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäkööt                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettäköön                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistä                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistää                             :Inf1:                    yhtenäistää
yhtenäistääkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettäessä                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämässä                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämästä                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämään                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämällä                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämättä                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettämän                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämistä                         :Inf4:Par:                yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämäisillään                    :Inf5:                    yhtenäistää
yhtenäistävä                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistettävä                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämä                            :Cip:Age:                 yhtenäistää
yhtenäistämätön                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Con:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhtenäistää
yhtenäistänyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistäneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtenäistää
yhtenäistetty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtenäistää
yhtenäisyys                             :S:Nom:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyden                           :S:Gen:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyttä                           :S:Par:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyydessä                         :S:Ine:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyydestä                         :S:Ela:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyteen                          :S:Ill:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyydellä                         :S:Ade:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyydeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyydelle                         :S:All:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyytenä                          :S:Ess:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyydeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyttä                           :S:Abe:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyydet                           :P:Nom:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksien                         :P:Gen:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksiä                          :P:Par:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksille                        :P:All:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksin                          :P:Ins:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yhtenäisyys
yhtenäisyyksine                         :P:Kom:                   yhtenäisyys
yhteydenotto                            :S:Nom:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenoton                            :S:Gen:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenottoa                           :S:Par:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotossa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotosta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenottoon                          :S:Ill:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotolla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotolta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotolle                          :S:All:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenottona                          :S:Ess:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenototta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotot                            :P:Nom:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenottojen                         :P:Gen:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenottoja                          :P:Par:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenottoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoille                         :P:All:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenottoina                         :P:Ess:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenotoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenottoine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteydenotto
yhteydenpito                            :S:Nom:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidon                           :S:Gen:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpitoa                           :S:Par:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidossa                         :S:Ine:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidosta                         :S:Ela:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpitoon                          :S:Ill:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidolla                         :S:Ade:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidolta                         :S:Abl:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidolle                         :S:All:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpitona                          :S:Ess:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidotta                         :S:Abe:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidot                           :P:Nom:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpitojen                         :P:Gen:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpitoja                          :P:Par:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoista                        :P:Ela:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpitoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoille                        :P:All:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpitoina                         :P:Ess:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoin                          :P:Ins:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpidoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhteydenpito
yhteydenpitoine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteydenpito
yhteys                                  :S:Nom:                   yhteys
yhteyden                                :S:Gen:                   yhteys
yhteyttä                                :S:Par:                   yhteys
yhteydessä                              :S:Ine:                   yhteys
yhteydestä                              :S:Ela:                   yhteys
yhteyteen                               :S:Ill:                   yhteys
yhteydellä                              :S:Ade:                   yhteys
yhteydeltä                              :S:Abl:                   yhteys
yhteydelle                              :S:All:                   yhteys
yhteytenä                               :S:Ess:                   yhteys
yhteydeksi                              :S:Tra:                   yhteys
yhteyttä                                :S:Abe:                   yhteys
yhteydet                                :P:Nom:                   yhteys
yhteyksien                              :P:Gen:                   yhteys
yhteyksiä                               :P:Par:                   yhteys
yhteyksissä                             :P:Ine:                   yhteys
yhteyksistä                             :P:Ela:                   yhteys
yhteyksiin                              :P:Ill:                   yhteys
yhteyksillä                             :P:Ade:                   yhteys
yhteyksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yhteys
yhteyksille                             :P:All:                   yhteys
yhteyksinä                              :P:Ess:                   yhteys
yhteyksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yhteys
yhteyksin                               :P:Ins:                   yhteys
yhteyksittä                             :P:Abe:                   yhteys
yhteyksine                              :P:Kom:                   yhteys
yhteyshauta                             :S:Nom:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudan                            :S:Gen:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautaa                            :S:Par:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudassa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudasta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautaan                           :S:Ill:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudalla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudalta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudalle                          :S:All:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautana                           :S:Ess:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudatta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudat                            :P:Nom:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautojen                          :P:Gen:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautain                           :P:Gen:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautoja                           :P:Par:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudoista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudoille                         :P:All:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautoina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudoin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshaudoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshautoine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteyshauta
yhteyshenkilö                           :S:Nom:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilön                          :S:Gen:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöä                          :S:Par:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilössä                        :S:Ine:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöstä                        :S:Ela:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöön                         :S:Ill:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöllä                        :S:Ade:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöltä                        :S:Abl:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilölle                        :S:All:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilönä                         :S:Ess:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöttä                        :S:Abe:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöt                          :P:Nom:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöjen                        :P:Gen:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöiden                       :P:Gen:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöitten                      :P:Gen:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöjä                         :P:Par:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöitä                        :P:Par:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöille                       :P:All:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöinä                        :P:Ess:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöin                         :P:Ins:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyshenkilöine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteyshenkilö
yhteyssihteeri                          :S:Nom:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerin                         :S:Gen:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteeriä                         :S:Par:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerissä                       :S:Ine:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteeristä                       :S:Ela:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteeriin                        :S:Ill:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerillä                       :S:Ade:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteeriltä                       :S:Abl:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerille                       :S:All:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerinä                        :S:Ess:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteeriksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerittä                       :S:Abe:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerit                         :P:Nom:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerien                        :P:Gen:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereiden                      :P:Gen:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereitten                     :P:Gen:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerejä                        :P:Par:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereitä                       :P:Par:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereissä                      :P:Ine:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereistä                      :P:Ela:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereihin                      :P:Ill:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereillä                      :P:Ade:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereille                      :P:All:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereinä                       :P:Ess:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteerein                        :P:Ins:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereittä                      :P:Abe:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteyssihteereine                       :P:Kom:                   yhteyssihteeri
yhteystieto                             :S:Nom:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedon                            :S:Gen:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystietoa                            :S:Par:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedossa                          :S:Ine:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedosta                          :S:Ela:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystietoon                           :S:Ill:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedolla                          :S:Ade:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedolta                          :S:Abl:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedolle                          :S:All:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystietona                           :S:Ess:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedotta                          :S:Abe:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedot                            :P:Nom:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystietojen                          :P:Gen:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystietoja                           :P:Par:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoista                         :P:Ela:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystietoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoille                         :P:All:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystietoina                          :P:Ess:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoin                           :P:Ins:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystiedoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhteystiedot
yhteystietoine                          :P:Kom:                   yhteystiedot
yhteysupseeri                           :S:Nom:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerin                          :S:Gen:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseeria                          :S:Par:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerissa                        :S:Ine:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerista                        :S:Ela:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseeriin                         :S:Ill:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerilla                        :S:Ade:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerilta                        :S:Abl:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerille                        :S:All:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerina                         :S:Ess:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseeriksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseeritta                        :S:Abe:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerit                          :P:Nom:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerien                         :P:Gen:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereiden                       :P:Gen:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereitten                      :P:Gen:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereja                         :P:Par:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereita                        :P:Par:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereista                       :P:Ela:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereille                       :P:All:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereina                        :P:Ess:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseerein                         :P:Ins:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysupseereine                        :P:Kom:                   yhteysupseeri
yhteysväline                            :S:Nom:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineen                          :S:Gen:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälinettä                         :S:Par:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineessä                        :S:Ine:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineestä                        :S:Ela:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineeseen                       :S:Ill:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineellä                        :S:Ade:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineeltä                        :S:Abl:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineelle                        :S:All:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineenä                         :S:Ess:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineettä                        :S:Abe:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineet                          :P:Nom:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineiden                        :P:Gen:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineitten                       :P:Gen:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineitä                         :P:Par:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineissä                        :P:Ine:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineistä                        :P:Ela:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineihin                        :P:Ill:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineillä                        :P:Ade:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineille                        :P:All:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineinä                         :P:Ess:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälinein                          :P:Ins:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineittä                        :P:Abe:                   yhteysväline
yhteysvälineine                         :P:Kom:                   yhteysväline
yhteyttäjä                              :S:Nom:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjän                             :S:Gen:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjää                             :S:Par:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjässä                           :S:Ine:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjästä                           :S:Ela:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjään                            :S:Ill:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjällä                           :S:Ade:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjältä                           :S:Abl:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjälle                           :S:All:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjänä                            :S:Ess:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjäksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjättä                           :S:Abe:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjät                             :P:Nom:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjien                            :P:Gen:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjäin                            :P:Gen:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjiä                             :P:Par:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjille                           :P:All:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjin                             :P:Ins:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteyttäjine                            :P:Kom:                   yhteyttäjä
yhteytän                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteyttää
yhteytät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttää                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteytämme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteytätte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttävät                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytetään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteytä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytetä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteytin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhteyttää
yhteytit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteytti                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteytimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteytitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteyttänen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänevät                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytettäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytettäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteyttäisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäisivät                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytettäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytettäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteytä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäkäämme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäkää                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäkööt                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytettäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteytä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytettäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttää                               :Inf1:                    yhteyttää
yhteyttääkseen                          :Inf1:L:                  yhteyttää
yhteyttäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhteyttää
yhteytettäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhteyttää
yhteyttäen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhteyttää
yhteyttämässä                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhteyttää
yhteyttämästä                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhteyttää
yhteyttämään                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhteyttää
yhteyttämällä                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhteyttää
yhteyttämättä                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhteyttää
yhteyttämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhteyttää
yhteytettämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhteyttää
yhteyttäminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                yhteyttää
yhteyttämistä                           :Inf4:Par:                yhteyttää
yhteyttämäisillään                      :Inf5:                    yhteyttää
yhteyttävä                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhteyttää
yhteytettävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttämä                              :Cip:Age:                 yhteyttää
yhteyttämätön                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhteyttää
yhteyttänyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteyttäneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhteyttää
yhteytetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhteyttää
yhteytys                                :S:Nom:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksen                             :S:Gen:                   yhteytys
yhteytystä                              :S:Par:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhteytys
yhteytykseen                            :S:Ill:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhteytys
yhteytykseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhteytys
yhteytykselle                           :S:All:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhteytys
yhteytykseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhteytys
yhteytykset                             :P:Nom:                   yhteytys
yhteytysten                             :P:Gen:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksien                            :P:Gen:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksiä                             :P:Par:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksille                           :P:All:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksin                             :P:Ins:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhteytys
yhteytyksine                            :P:Kom:                   yhteytys
yhtiö                                   :S:Nom:                   yhtiö
yhtiön                                  :S:Gen:                   yhtiö
yhtiötä                                 :S:Par:                   yhtiö
yhtiössä                                :S:Ine:                   yhtiö
yhtiöstä                                :S:Ela:                   yhtiö
yhtiöön                                 :S:Ill:                   yhtiö
yhtiöllä                                :S:Ade:                   yhtiö
yhtiöltä                                :S:Abl:                   yhtiö
yhtiölle                                :S:All:                   yhtiö
yhtiönä                                 :S:Ess:                   yhtiö
yhtiöksi                                :S:Tra:                   yhtiö
yhtiöttä                                :S:Abe:                   yhtiö
yhtiöt                                  :P:Nom:                   yhtiö
yhtiöiden                               :P:Gen:                   yhtiö
yhtiöitten                              :P:Gen:                   yhtiö
yhtiöitä                                :P:Par:                   yhtiö
yhtiöissä                               :P:Ine:                   yhtiö
yhtiöistä                               :P:Ela:                   yhtiö
yhtiöihin                               :P:Ill:                   yhtiö
yhtiöillä                               :P:Ade:                   yhtiö
yhtiöiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yhtiö
yhtiöille                               :P:All:                   yhtiö
yhtiöinä                                :P:Ess:                   yhtiö
yhtiöiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yhtiö
yhtiöin                                 :P:Ins:                   yhtiö
yhtiöittä                               :P:Abe:                   yhtiö
yhtiöine                                :P:Kom:                   yhtiö
yhtiöitän                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöität                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittää                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitämme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitätte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittävät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöitin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitti                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöititte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittivät                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänevät                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettäneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettäne                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisivät                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettäisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettäisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöitä                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäkäämme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäkää                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäkööt                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettäköön                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöitä                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettäkö                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittää                              :Inf1:                    yhtiöittää
yhtiöittääkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettäessä                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettämän                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämistä                          :Inf4:Par:                yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämäisillään                     :Inf5:                    yhtiöittää
yhtiöittävä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöitettävä                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämä                             :Cip:Age:                 yhtiöittää
yhtiöittämätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Con:Per:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhtiöittää
yhtiöittänyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöittäneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtiöittää
yhtiöitetty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtiöittää
yhtiöjärjestys                          :S:Nom:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksen                       :S:Gen:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestystä                        :S:Par:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksessä                     :S:Ine:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksestä                     :S:Ela:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestykseen                      :S:Ill:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksellä                     :S:Ade:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestykselle                     :S:All:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksenä                      :S:Ess:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksettä                     :S:Abe:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestykset                       :P:Nom:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestysten                       :P:Gen:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksiä                       :P:Par:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksille                     :P:All:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiöjärjestyksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhtiöjärjestys
yhtiökokous                             :S:Nom:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksen                          :S:Gen:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokousta                           :S:Par:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksessa                        :S:Ine:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksesta                        :S:Ela:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokoukseen                         :S:Ill:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksella                        :S:Ade:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokoukselta                        :S:Abl:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokoukselle                        :S:All:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksena                         :S:Ess:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokoukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksetta                        :S:Abe:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokoukset                          :P:Nom:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokousten                          :P:Gen:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksien                         :P:Gen:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksia                          :P:Par:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksista                        :P:Ela:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksille                        :P:All:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksina                         :P:Ess:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksin                          :P:Ins:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökokouksine                         :P:Kom:                   yhtiökokous
yhtiökumppani                           :S:Nom:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanin                          :S:Gen:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppania                          :S:Par:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanissa                        :S:Ine:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanista                        :S:Ela:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaniin                         :S:Ill:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanilla                        :S:Ade:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanilta                        :S:Abl:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanille                        :S:All:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanina                         :S:Ess:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaniksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanitta                        :S:Abe:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanit                          :P:Nom:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanien                         :P:Gen:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneiden                       :P:Gen:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneitten                      :P:Gen:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneja                         :P:Par:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneita                        :P:Par:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneista                       :P:Ela:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneille                       :P:All:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneina                        :P:Ess:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanein                         :P:Ins:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppaneine                        :P:Kom:                   yhtiökumppani
yhtiökumppanuus                         :S:Nom:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuutta                       :S:Par:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuudelle                     :S:All:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksille                    :P:All:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiökumppanuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yhtiökumppanuus
yhtiömies                               :S:Nom:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehen                             :S:Gen:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiestä                             :S:Par:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehessä                           :S:Ine:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehestä                           :S:Ela:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömieheen                            :S:Ill:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehellä                           :S:Ade:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömieheltä                           :S:Abl:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehelle                           :S:All:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehenä                            :S:Ess:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömieheksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehettä                           :S:Abe:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehet                             :P:Nom:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiesten                            :P:Gen:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehien                            :P:Gen:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehiä                             :P:Par:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehiin                            :P:Ill:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehille                           :P:All:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehin                             :P:Ins:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömiehine                            :P:Kom:                   yhtiömies
yhtiömuoto                              :S:Nom:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodon                             :S:Gen:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuotoa                             :S:Par:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodossa                           :S:Ine:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodosta                           :S:Ela:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuotoon                            :S:Ill:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodolla                           :S:Ade:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodolta                           :S:Abl:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodolle                           :S:All:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuotona                            :S:Ess:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodotta                           :S:Abe:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodot                             :P:Nom:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuotojen                           :P:Gen:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuotoja                            :P:Par:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoista                          :P:Ela:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuotoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoille                          :P:All:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuotoina                           :P:Ess:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoin                            :P:Ins:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuodoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiömuotoine                           :P:Kom:                   yhtiömuoto
yhtiösopimus                            :S:Nom:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksen                         :S:Gen:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimusta                          :S:Par:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimukseen                        :S:Ill:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksella                       :S:Ade:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimukselta                       :S:Abl:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimukselle                       :S:All:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksena                        :S:Ess:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimukset                         :P:Nom:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimusten                         :P:Gen:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksia                         :P:Par:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksille                       :P:All:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiösopimuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yhtiösopimus
yhtiövastike                            :S:Nom:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeen                         :S:Gen:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastiketta                         :S:Par:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeessa                       :S:Ine:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeesta                       :S:Ela:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeeseen                      :S:Ill:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeella                       :S:Ade:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeelta                       :S:Abl:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeelle                       :S:All:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeena                        :S:Ess:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeetta                       :S:Abe:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeet                         :P:Nom:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeiden                       :P:Gen:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikeitten                       :P:Gen:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeita                        :P:Par:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeissa                       :P:Ine:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeista                       :P:Ela:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeihin                       :P:Ill:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeilla                       :P:Ade:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeilta                       :P:Abl:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeille                       :P:All:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeina                        :P:Ess:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkein                         :P:Ins:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeitta                       :P:Abe:                   yhtiövastike
yhtiövastikkeine                        :P:Kom:                   yhtiövastike
yhtye                                   :S:Nom:                   yhtye
yhtyeen                                 :S:Gen:                   yhtye
yhtyettä                                :S:Par:                   yhtye
yhtyeessä                               :S:Ine:                   yhtye
yhtyeestä                               :S:Ela:                   yhtye
yhtyeeseen                              :S:Ill:                   yhtye
yhtyeellä                               :S:Ade:                   yhtye
yhtyeeltä                               :S:Abl:                   yhtye
yhtyeelle                               :S:All:                   yhtye
yhtyeenä                                :S:Ess:                   yhtye
yhtyeeksi                               :S:Tra:                   yhtye
yhtyeettä                               :S:Abe:                   yhtye
yhtyeet                                 :P:Nom:                   yhtye
yhtyeiden                               :P:Gen:                   yhtye
yhtyeitten                              :P:Gen:                   yhtye
yhtyeitä                                :P:Par:                   yhtye
yhtyeissä                               :P:Ine:                   yhtye
yhtyeistä                               :P:Ela:                   yhtye
yhtyeisiin                              :P:Ill:                   yhtye
yhtyeihin                               :P:Ill:                   yhtye
yhtyeillä                               :P:Ade:                   yhtye
yhtyeiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yhtye
yhtyeille                               :P:All:                   yhtye
yhtyeinä                                :P:Ess:                   yhtye
yhtyeiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yhtye
yhtyein                                 :P:Ins:                   yhtye
yhtyeittä                               :P:Abe:                   yhtye
yhtyeine                                :P:Kom:                   yhtye
yhtymä                                  :S:Nom:                   yhtymä
yhtymän                                 :S:Gen:                   yhtymä
yhtymää                                 :S:Par:                   yhtymä
yhtymässä                               :S:Ine:                   yhtymä
yhtymästä                               :S:Ela:                   yhtymä
yhtymään                                :S:Ill:                   yhtymä
yhtymällä                               :S:Ade:                   yhtymä
yhtymältä                               :S:Abl:                   yhtymä
yhtymälle                               :S:All:                   yhtymä
yhtymänä                                :S:Ess:                   yhtymä
yhtymäksi                               :S:Tra:                   yhtymä
yhtymättä                               :S:Abe:                   yhtymä
yhtymät                                 :P:Nom:                   yhtymä
yhtymien                                :P:Gen:                   yhtymä
yhtymäin                                :P:Gen:                   yhtymä
yhtymiä                                 :P:Par:                   yhtymä
yhtymissä                               :P:Ine:                   yhtymä
yhtymistä                               :P:Ela:                   yhtymä
yhtymiin                                :P:Ill:                   yhtymä
yhtymillä                               :P:Ade:                   yhtymä
yhtymiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yhtymä
yhtymille                               :P:All:                   yhtymä
yhtyminä                                :P:Ess:                   yhtymä
yhtymiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yhtymä
yhtymin                                 :P:Ins:                   yhtymä
yhtymittä                               :P:Abe:                   yhtymä
yhtymine                                :P:Kom:                   yhtymä
yhtymäkohta                             :S:Nom:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdan                            :S:Gen:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtaa                            :S:Par:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdassa                          :S:Ine:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdasta                          :S:Ela:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtaan                           :S:Ill:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdalla                          :S:Ade:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdalta                          :S:Abl:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdalle                          :S:All:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtana                           :S:Ess:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdatta                          :S:Abe:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdat                            :P:Nom:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtien                           :P:Gen:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtain                           :P:Gen:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtia                            :P:Par:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdista                          :P:Ela:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdille                          :P:All:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtina                           :P:Ess:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohdin                            :P:Ins:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohditta                          :P:Abe:                   yhtymäkohta
yhtymäkohtine                           :P:Kom:                   yhtymäkohta
yhdyn                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtyä
yhdyt                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtyy                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhdymme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhdytte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtyvät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdytään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhtyä
yhdy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhdyin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhtyä
yhdyit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtyi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhdyimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhdyitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtyivät                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdyttiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhtynen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtyä
yhtynet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtynee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhtynemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhtynette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtynevät                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdyttäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhtyisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtyä
yhtyisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhtyisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhtyisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtyisivät                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdyttäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhdy                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtyköön                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhtykäämme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhtykää                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtykööt                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdyttäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtyä
yhdy                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtyä                                   :Inf1:                    yhtyä
yhtyäkseen                              :Inf1:L:                  yhtyä
yhtyessä                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhtyä
yhdyttäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhtyä
yhtyen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhtyä
yhtymässä                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhtyä
yhtymästä                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhtyä
yhtymään                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhtyä
yhtymällä                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhtyä
yhtymättä                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhtyä
yhtymän                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhtyä
yhdyttämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhtyä
yhtyminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                yhtyä
yhtymistä                               :Inf4:Par:                yhtyä
yhtymäisillään                          :Inf5:                    yhtyä
yhtyvä                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhtyä
yhdyttävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtymä                                  :Cip:Age:                 yhtyä
yhtymätön                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhtyä
yhtynyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhtyneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtyä
yhdytty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtyä
yhtäaikainen                            :S:Nom:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisen                            :S:Gen:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaista                            :S:Par:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisella                          :S:Ade:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaiselle                          :S:All:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisena                           :S:Ess:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaiset                            :P:Nom:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisten                           :P:Gen:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisin                            :P:Gen:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisia                            :P:Par:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisista                          :P:Ela:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisille                          :P:All:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisina                           :P:Ess:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisin                            :P:Ins:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisine                           :P:Kom:                   yhtäaikainen
yhtäaikaisuus                           :S:Nom:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuutta                         :S:Par:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuudelle                       :S:All:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksille                      :P:All:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäaikaisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yhtäaikaisuus
yhtäjaksoinen                           :S:Nom:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisen                           :S:Gen:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoista                           :S:Par:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisella                         :S:Ade:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoiselle                         :S:All:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisena                          :S:Ess:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoiset                           :P:Nom:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisten                          :P:Gen:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisin                           :P:Gen:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisia                           :P:Par:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisista                         :P:Ela:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisille                         :P:All:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisina                          :P:Ess:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisin                           :P:Ins:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisine                          :P:Kom:                   yhtäjaksoinen
yhtäjaksoisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäjaksoisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhtäjaksoisuus
yhtäkkinen                              :S:Nom:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisen                              :S:Gen:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkistä                              :S:Par:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisessä                            :S:Ine:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisestä                            :S:Ela:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisellä                            :S:Ade:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkiselle                            :S:All:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisenä                             :S:Ess:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisettä                            :S:Abe:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkiset                              :P:Nom:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisten                             :P:Gen:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisin                              :P:Gen:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisiä                              :P:Par:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisissä                            :P:Ine:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisistä                            :P:Ela:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisillä                            :P:Ade:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisille                            :P:All:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisinä                             :P:Ess:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisin                              :P:Ins:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisittä                            :P:Abe:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisine                             :P:Kom:                   yhtäkkinen
yhtäkkisyys                             :S:Nom:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyden                           :S:Gen:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyttä                           :S:Par:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyydessä                         :S:Ine:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyydestä                         :S:Ela:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyteen                          :S:Ill:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyydellä                         :S:Ade:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyydeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyydelle                         :S:All:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyytenä                          :S:Ess:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyydeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyttä                           :S:Abe:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyydet                           :P:Nom:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksien                         :P:Gen:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksiä                          :P:Par:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksille                        :P:All:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksin                          :P:Ins:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäkkisyyksine                         :P:Kom:                   yhtäkkisyys
yhtäläinen                              :S:Nom:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisen                              :S:Gen:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläistä                              :S:Par:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisessä                            :S:Ine:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisestä                            :S:Ela:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisellä                            :S:Ade:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläiselle                            :S:All:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisenä                             :S:Ess:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisettä                            :S:Abe:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläiset                              :P:Nom:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisten                             :P:Gen:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisin                              :P:Gen:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisiä                              :P:Par:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisissä                            :P:Ine:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisistä                            :P:Ela:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisillä                            :P:Ade:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisille                            :P:All:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisinä                             :P:Ess:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisin                              :P:Ins:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisittä                            :P:Abe:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläisine                             :P:Kom:                   yhtäläinen
yhtäläistyn                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyt                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyy                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyvät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytään                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyi                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyivät                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynevät                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttäneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttäisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläisty                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyköön                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistykäämme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistykää                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistykööt                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttäköön                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläisty                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyä                             :Inf1:                    yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyäkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttäessä                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymässä                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymästä                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymään                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymällä                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymättä                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymän                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttämän                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymistä                         :Inf4:Par:                yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymäisillään                    :Inf5:                    yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyvä                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyttävä                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymä                            :Cip:Age:                 yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistymätön                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Con:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistynyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistyneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistytty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistyä
yhtäläistän                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistät                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistää                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistätte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistävät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetään                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetä                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläistin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläisti                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistivät                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänevät                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettäneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettäne                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettäisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettäisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläistä                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäkäämme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäkää                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäkööt                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettäköön                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistä                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistää                             :Inf1:                    yhtäläistää
yhtäläistääkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettäessä                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämässä                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämästä                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämään                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämällä                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämättä                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettämän                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämistä                         :Inf4:Par:                yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämäisillään                    :Inf5:                    yhtäläistää
yhtäläistävä                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistettävä                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämä                            :Cip:Age:                 yhtäläistää
yhtäläistämätön                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Con:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             yhtäläistää
yhtäläistänyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistäneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yhtäläistää
yhtäläistetty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yhtäläistää
yhtäläisyys                             :S:Nom:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyden                           :S:Gen:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyttä                           :S:Par:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyydessä                         :S:Ine:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyydestä                         :S:Ela:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyteen                          :S:Ill:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyydellä                         :S:Ade:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyydeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyydelle                         :S:All:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyytenä                          :S:Ess:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyydeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyttä                           :S:Abe:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyydet                           :P:Nom:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksien                         :P:Gen:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksiä                          :P:Par:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksille                        :P:All:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksin                          :P:Ins:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyyksine                         :P:Kom:                   yhtäläisyys
yhtäläisyysmerkki                       :S:Nom:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkin                       :S:Gen:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkkiä                      :S:Par:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkissä                     :S:Ine:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkistä                     :S:Ela:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkkiin                     :S:Ill:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkillä                     :S:Ade:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkiltä                     :S:Abl:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkille                     :S:All:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkkinä                     :S:Ess:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkiksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkittä                     :S:Abe:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkit                       :P:Nom:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkkien                     :P:Gen:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkkejä                     :P:Par:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkeissä                    :P:Ine:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkeistä                    :P:Ela:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkkeihin                   :P:Ill:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkeillä                    :P:Ade:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkeiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkeille                    :P:All:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkkeinä                    :P:Ess:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkeiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkein                      :P:Ins:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkeittä                    :P:Abe:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtäläisyysmerkkeine                    :P:Kom:                   yhtäläisyysmerkki
yhtälö                                  :S:Nom:                   yhtälö
yhtälön                                 :S:Gen:                   yhtälö
yhtälöä                                 :S:Par:                   yhtälö
yhtälössä                               :S:Ine:                   yhtälö
yhtälöstä                               :S:Ela:                   yhtälö
yhtälöön                                :S:Ill:                   yhtälö
yhtälöllä                               :S:Ade:                   yhtälö
yhtälöltä                               :S:Abl:                   yhtälö
yhtälölle                               :S:All:                   yhtälö
yhtälönä                                :S:Ess:                   yhtälö
yhtälöksi                               :S:Tra:                   yhtälö
yhtälöttä                               :S:Abe:                   yhtälö
yhtälöt                                 :P:Nom:                   yhtälö
yhtälöjen                               :P:Gen:                   yhtälö
yhtälöiden                              :P:Gen:                   yhtälö
yhtälöitten                             :P:Gen:                   yhtälö
yhtälöjä                                :P:Par:                   yhtälö
yhtälöitä                               :P:Par:                   yhtälö
yhtälöissä                              :P:Ine:                   yhtälö
yhtälöistä                              :P:Ela:                   yhtälö
yhtälöihin                              :P:Ill:                   yhtälö
yhtälöillä                              :P:Ade:                   yhtälö
yhtälöiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yhtälö
yhtälöille                              :P:All:                   yhtälö
yhtälöinä                               :P:Ess:                   yhtälö
yhtälöiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yhtälö
yhtälöin                                :P:Ins:                   yhtälö
yhtälöittä                              :P:Abe:                   yhtälö
yhtälöine                               :P:Kom:                   yhtälö
yhtälöryhmä                             :S:Nom:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmän                            :S:Gen:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmää                            :S:Par:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmässä                          :S:Ine:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmästä                          :S:Ela:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmään                           :S:Ill:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmällä                          :S:Ade:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmältä                          :S:Abl:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmälle                          :S:All:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmänä                           :S:Ess:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmäksi                          :S:Tra:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmättä                          :S:Abe:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmät                            :P:Nom:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmien                           :P:Gen:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmäin                           :P:Gen:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmiä                            :P:Par:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmissä                          :P:Ine:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmistä                          :P:Ela:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmiin                           :P:Ill:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmillä                          :P:Ade:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmille                          :P:All:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhminä                           :P:Ess:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmin                            :P:Ins:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmittä                          :P:Abe:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtälöryhmine                           :P:Kom:                   yhtälöryhmä
yhtämittainen                           :S:Nom:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisen                           :S:Gen:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaista                           :S:Par:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisella                         :S:Ade:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaiselle                         :S:All:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisena                          :S:Ess:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaiset                           :P:Nom:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisten                          :P:Gen:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisin                           :P:Gen:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisia                           :P:Par:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisista                         :P:Ela:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisille                         :P:All:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisina                          :P:Ess:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisin                           :P:Ins:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisine                          :P:Kom:                   yhtämittainen
yhtämittaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtämittaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yhtämittaisuus
yhtäpitävyys                            :S:Nom:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyden                          :S:Gen:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyttä                          :S:Par:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyydessä                        :S:Ine:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyydestä                        :S:Ela:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyteen                         :S:Ill:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyydellä                        :S:Ade:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyydeltä                        :S:Abl:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyydelle                        :S:All:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyytenä                         :S:Ess:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyydeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyttä                          :S:Abe:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyydet                          :P:Nom:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksien                        :P:Gen:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksiä                         :P:Par:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksille                       :P:All:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksin                         :P:Ins:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävyyksine                        :P:Kom:                   yhtäpitävyys
yhtäpitävä                              :S:Nom:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävän                             :S:Gen:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävää                             :S:Par:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävässä                           :S:Ine:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävästä                           :S:Ela:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävään                            :S:Ill:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävällä                           :S:Ade:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävältä                           :S:Abl:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävälle                           :S:All:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävänä                            :S:Ess:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitäväksi                           :S:Tra:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävättä                           :S:Abe:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävät                             :P:Nom:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävien                            :P:Gen:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitäväin                            :P:Gen:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitäviä                             :P:Par:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävissä                           :P:Ine:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävistä                           :P:Ela:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitäviin                            :P:Ill:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävillä                           :P:Ade:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitäviltä                           :P:Abl:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitäville                           :P:All:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävinä                            :P:Ess:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitäviksi                           :P:Tra:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävin                             :P:Ins:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävittä                           :P:Abe:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäpitävine                            :P:Kom:                   yhtäpitävä
yhtäsuuruus                             :S:Nom:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuden                           :S:Gen:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruutta                           :S:Par:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruudessa                         :S:Ine:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruudesta                         :S:Ela:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuteen                          :S:Ill:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruudella                         :S:Ade:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruudelta                         :S:Abl:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruudelle                         :S:All:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruutena                          :S:Ess:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruutta                           :S:Abe:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruudet                           :P:Nom:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksien                         :P:Gen:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksia                          :P:Par:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksista                        :P:Ela:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksille                        :P:All:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksina                         :P:Ess:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksin                          :P:Ins:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruuksine                         :P:Kom:                   yhtäsuuruus
yhtäsuuruusmerkki                       :S:Nom:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkin                       :S:Gen:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkkiä                      :S:Par:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkissä                     :S:Ine:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkistä                     :S:Ela:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkkiin                     :S:Ill:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkillä                     :S:Ade:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkiltä                     :S:Abl:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkille                     :S:All:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkkinä                     :S:Ess:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkiksi                     :S:Tra:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkittä                     :S:Abe:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkit                       :P:Nom:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkkien                     :P:Gen:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkkejä                     :P:Par:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkeissä                    :P:Ine:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkeistä                    :P:Ela:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkkeihin                   :P:Ill:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkeillä                    :P:Ade:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkeiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkeille                    :P:All:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkkeinä                    :P:Ess:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkeiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkein                      :P:Ins:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkeittä                    :P:Abe:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
yhtäsuuruusmerkkeine                    :P:Kom:                   yhtäsuuruusmerkki
ykkönen                                 :S:Nom:                   ykkönen
ykkösen                                 :S:Gen:                   ykkönen
ykköstä                                 :S:Par:                   ykkönen
ykkösessä                               :S:Ine:                   ykkönen
ykkösestä                               :S:Ela:                   ykkönen
ykköseen                                :S:Ill:                   ykkönen
ykkösellä                               :S:Ade:                   ykkönen
ykköseltä                               :S:Abl:                   ykkönen
ykköselle                               :S:All:                   ykkönen
ykkösenä                                :S:Ess:                   ykkönen
ykköseksi                               :S:Tra:                   ykkönen
ykkösettä                               :S:Abe:                   ykkönen
ykköset                                 :P:Nom:                   ykkönen
ykkösten                                :P:Gen:                   ykkönen
ykkösin                                 :P:Gen:                   ykkönen
ykkösiä                                 :P:Par:                   ykkönen
ykkösissä                               :P:Ine:                   ykkönen
ykkösistä                               :P:Ela:                   ykkönen
ykkösiin                                :P:Ill:                   ykkönen
ykkösillä                               :P:Ade:                   ykkönen
ykkösiltä                               :P:Abl:                   ykkönen
ykkösille                               :P:All:                   ykkönen
ykkösinä                                :P:Ess:                   ykkönen
ykkösiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ykkönen
ykkösin                                 :P:Ins:                   ykkönen
ykkösittä                               :P:Abe:                   ykkönen
ykkösine                                :P:Kom:                   ykkönen
ykkösajaja                              :S:Nom:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajan                             :S:Gen:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajaa                             :S:Par:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajassa                           :S:Ine:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajasta                           :S:Ela:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajaan                            :S:Ill:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajalla                           :S:Ade:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajalta                           :S:Abl:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajalle                           :S:All:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajana                            :S:Ess:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajatta                           :S:Abe:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajat                             :P:Nom:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajien                            :P:Gen:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajain                            :P:Gen:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajia                             :P:Par:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajissa                           :P:Ine:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajista                           :P:Ela:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajiin                            :P:Ill:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajilla                           :P:Ade:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajilta                           :P:Abl:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajille                           :P:All:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajina                            :P:Ess:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajin                             :P:Ins:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajitta                           :P:Abe:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösajajine                            :P:Kom:                   ykkösajaja
ykkösjoukkue                            :S:Nom:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueen                          :S:Gen:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkuetta                         :S:Par:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueessa                        :S:Ine:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueesta                        :S:Ela:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueeseen                       :S:Ill:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueella                        :S:Ade:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueelta                        :S:Abl:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueelle                        :S:All:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueena                         :S:Ess:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueetta                        :S:Abe:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueet                          :P:Nom:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueiden                        :P:Gen:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueitten                       :P:Gen:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueita                         :P:Par:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueissa                        :P:Ine:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueista                        :P:Ela:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueihin                        :P:Ill:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueilla                        :P:Ade:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueilta                        :P:Abl:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueille                        :P:All:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueina                         :P:Ess:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkuein                          :P:Ins:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueitta                        :P:Abe:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykkösjoukkueine                         :P:Kom:                   ykkösjoukkue
ykköskanava                             :S:Nom:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavan                            :S:Gen:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavaa                            :S:Par:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavassa                          :S:Ine:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavasta                          :S:Ela:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavaan                           :S:Ill:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavalla                          :S:Ade:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavalta                          :S:Abl:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavalle                          :S:All:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavana                           :S:Ess:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavatta                          :S:Abe:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavat                            :P:Nom:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavien                           :P:Gen:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavain                           :P:Gen:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavia                            :P:Par:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavissa                          :P:Ine:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavista                          :P:Ela:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanaviin                           :P:Ill:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavilla                          :P:Ade:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavilta                          :P:Abl:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanaville                          :P:All:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavina                           :P:Ess:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanaviksi                          :P:Tra:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavin                            :P:Ins:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavitta                          :P:Abe:                   ykköskanava
ykköskanavine                           :P:Kom:                   ykköskanava
ykkösketju                              :S:Nom:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjun                             :S:Gen:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjua                             :S:Par:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjussa                           :S:Ine:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjusta                           :S:Ela:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuun                            :S:Ill:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjulla                           :S:Ade:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjulta                           :S:Abl:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjulle                           :S:All:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuna                            :S:Ess:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuksi                           :S:Tra:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjutta                           :S:Abe:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjut                             :P:Nom:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjujen                           :P:Gen:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuja                            :P:Par:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuissa                          :P:Ine:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuista                          :P:Ela:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuihin                          :P:Ill:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuilla                          :P:Ade:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuilta                          :P:Abl:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuille                          :P:All:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuina                           :P:Ess:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuin                            :P:Ins:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuitta                          :P:Abe:                   ykkösketju
ykkösketjuine                           :P:Kom:                   ykkösketju
ykköslehti                              :S:Nom:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehden                             :S:Gen:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehteä                             :S:Par:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdessä                           :S:Ine:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdestä                           :S:Ela:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehteen                            :S:Ill:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdellä                           :S:Ade:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdeltä                           :S:Abl:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdelle                           :S:All:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehtenä                            :S:Ess:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdettä                           :S:Abe:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdet                             :P:Nom:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehtien                            :P:Gen:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehtiä                             :P:Par:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdissä                           :P:Ine:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdistä                           :P:Ela:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehtiin                            :P:Ill:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdillä                           :P:Ade:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdille                           :P:All:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehtinä                            :P:Ess:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdin                             :P:Ins:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehdittä                           :P:Abe:                   ykköslehti
ykköslehtine                            :P:Kom:                   ykköslehti
ykkösmaito                              :S:Nom:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidon                             :S:Gen:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaitoa                             :S:Par:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidossa                           :S:Ine:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidosta                           :S:Ela:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaitoon                            :S:Ill:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidolla                           :S:Ade:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidolta                           :S:Abl:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidolle                           :S:All:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaitona                            :S:Ess:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoksi                           :S:Tra:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidotta                           :S:Abe:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidot                             :P:Nom:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaitojen                           :P:Gen:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaitoja                            :P:Par:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoissa                          :P:Ine:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoista                          :P:Ela:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaitoihin                          :P:Ill:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoilla                          :P:Ade:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoilta                          :P:Abl:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoille                          :P:All:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaitoina                           :P:Ess:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoin                            :P:Ins:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaidoitta                          :P:Abe:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmaitoine                           :P:Kom:                   ykkösmaito
ykkösmies                               :S:Nom:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehen                             :S:Gen:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiestä                             :S:Par:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehessä                           :S:Ine:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehestä                           :S:Ela:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmieheen                            :S:Ill:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehellä                           :S:Ade:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmieheltä                           :S:Abl:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehelle                           :S:All:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehenä                            :S:Ess:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmieheksi                           :S:Tra:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehettä                           :S:Abe:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehet                             :P:Nom:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiesten                            :P:Gen:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehien                            :P:Gen:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehiä                             :P:Par:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehissä                           :P:Ine:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehistä                           :P:Ela:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehiin                            :P:Ill:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehillä                           :P:Ade:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehille                           :P:All:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehinä                            :P:Ess:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehin                             :P:Ins:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehittä                           :P:Abe:                   ykkösmies
ykkösmiehine                            :P:Kom:                   ykkösmies
ykkösolut                               :S:Nom:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluen                              :S:Gen:                   ykkösolut
ykkösolutta                             :S:Par:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluessa                            :S:Ine:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluesta                            :S:Ela:                   ykkösolut
ykkösolueen                             :S:Ill:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluella                            :S:Ade:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluelta                            :S:Abl:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluelle                            :S:All:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluena                             :S:Ess:                   ykkösolut
ykkösolueksi                            :S:Tra:                   ykkösolut
ykkösolutta                             :S:Abe:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluet                              :P:Nom:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluiden                            :P:Gen:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluitten                           :P:Gen:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluita                             :P:Par:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluissa                            :P:Ine:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluista                            :P:Ela:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluihin                            :P:Ill:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluilla                            :P:Ade:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluilta                            :P:Abl:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluille                            :P:All:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluina                             :P:Ess:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluin                              :P:Ins:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluitta                            :P:Abe:                   ykkösolut
ykkösoluine                             :P:Kom:                   ykkösolut
ykköspesä                               :S:Nom:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesän                              :S:Gen:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesää                              :S:Par:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesässä                            :S:Ine:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesästä                            :S:Ela:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesään                             :S:Ill:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesällä                            :S:Ade:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesältä                            :S:Abl:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesälle                            :S:All:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesänä                             :S:Ess:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesäksi                            :S:Tra:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesättä                            :S:Abe:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesät                              :P:Nom:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesien                             :P:Gen:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesäin                             :P:Gen:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesiä                              :P:Par:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesissä                            :P:Ine:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesistä                            :P:Ela:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesiin                             :P:Ill:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesillä                            :P:Ade:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesille                            :P:All:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesinä                             :P:Ess:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesin                              :P:Ins:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesittä                            :P:Abe:                   ykköspesä
ykköspesine                             :P:Kom:                   ykköspesä
ykköspuku                               :S:Nom:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvun                              :S:Gen:                   ykköspuku
ykköspukua                              :S:Par:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvussa                            :S:Ine:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvusta                            :S:Ela:                   ykköspuku
ykköspukuun                             :S:Ill:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvulla                            :S:Ade:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvulta                            :S:Abl:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvulle                            :S:All:                   ykköspuku
ykköspukuna                             :S:Ess:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuksi                            :S:Tra:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvutta                            :S:Abe:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvut                              :P:Nom:                   ykköspuku
ykköspukujen                            :P:Gen:                   ykköspuku
ykköspukuja                             :P:Par:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuissa                           :P:Ine:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuista                           :P:Ela:                   ykköspuku
ykköspukuihin                           :P:Ill:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuilla                           :P:Ade:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuilta                           :P:Abl:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuille                           :P:All:                   ykköspuku
ykköspukuina                            :P:Ess:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuin                             :P:Ins:                   ykköspuku
ykköspuvuitta                           :P:Abe:                   ykköspuku
ykköspukuine                            :P:Kom:                   ykköspuku
ykkösvahti                              :S:Nom:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdin                             :S:Gen:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahtia                             :S:Par:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdissa                           :S:Ine:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdista                           :S:Ela:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahtiin                            :S:Ill:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdilla                           :S:Ade:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdilta                           :S:Abl:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdille                           :S:All:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahtina                            :S:Ess:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdiksi                           :S:Tra:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahditta                           :S:Abe:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdit                             :P:Nom:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahtien                            :P:Gen:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahteja                            :P:Par:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdeissa                          :P:Ine:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdeista                          :P:Ela:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdeilla                          :P:Ade:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdeilta                          :P:Abl:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdeille                          :P:All:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahteina                           :P:Ess:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdein                            :P:Ins:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahdeitta                          :P:Abe:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvahteine                           :P:Kom:                   ykkösvahti
ykkösvaihde                             :S:Nom:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteen                           :S:Gen:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihdetta                          :S:Par:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteessa                         :S:Ine:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteesta                         :S:Ela:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteella                         :S:Ade:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteelta                         :S:Abl:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteelle                         :S:All:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteena                          :S:Ess:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteetta                         :S:Abe:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteet                           :P:Nom:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteiden                         :P:Gen:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihdeitten                        :P:Gen:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteita                          :P:Par:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteissa                         :P:Ine:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteista                         :P:Ela:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteihin                         :P:Ill:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteilla                         :P:Ade:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteilta                         :P:Abl:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteille                         :P:All:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteina                          :P:Ess:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihtein                           :P:Ins:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteitta                         :P:Abe:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösvaihteine                          :P:Kom:                   ykkösvaihde
ykkösverkko                             :S:Nom:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkon                             :S:Gen:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkkoa                            :S:Par:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkossa                           :S:Ine:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkosta                           :S:Ela:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkkoon                           :S:Ill:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkolla                           :S:Ade:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkolta                           :S:Abl:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkolle                           :S:All:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkkona                           :S:Ess:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoksi                           :S:Tra:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkotta                           :S:Abe:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkot                             :P:Nom:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkkojen                          :P:Gen:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkkoja                           :P:Par:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoissa                          :P:Ine:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoista                          :P:Ela:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkkoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoilla                          :P:Ade:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoilta                          :P:Abl:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoille                          :P:All:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkkoina                          :P:Ess:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoin                            :P:Ins:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkoitta                          :P:Abe:                   ykkösverkko
ykkösverkkoine                          :P:Kom:                   ykkösverkko
Y-kromosomi                             :S:Nom:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomin                            :S:Gen:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomia                            :S:Par:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomissa                          :S:Ine:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomista                          :S:Ela:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomiin                           :S:Ill:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomilla                          :S:Ade:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomilta                          :S:Abl:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomille                          :S:All:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomina                           :S:Ess:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomiksi                          :S:Tra:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomitta                          :S:Abe:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomit                            :P:Nom:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomien                           :P:Gen:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeja                           :P:Par:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeissa                         :P:Ine:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeista                         :P:Ela:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeihin                         :P:Ill:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeilla                         :P:Ade:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeilta                         :P:Abl:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeille                         :P:All:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeina                          :P:Ess:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomein                           :P:Ins:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeitta                         :P:Abe:                   Y-kromosomi
Y-kromosomeine                          :P:Kom:                   Y-kromosomi
ykseys                                  :S:Nom:                   ykseys
ykseyden                                :S:Gen:                   ykseys
ykseyttä                                :S:Par:                   ykseys
ykseydessä                              :S:Ine:                   ykseys
ykseydestä                              :S:Ela:                   ykseys
ykseyteen                               :S:Ill:                   ykseys
ykseydellä                              :S:Ade:                   ykseys
ykseydeltä                              :S:Abl:                   ykseys
ykseydelle                              :S:All:                   ykseys
ykseytenä                               :S:Ess:                   ykseys
ykseydeksi                              :S:Tra:                   ykseys
ykseyttä                                :S:Abe:                   ykseys
ykseydet                                :P:Nom:                   ykseys
ykseyksien                              :P:Gen:                   ykseys
ykseyksiä                               :P:Par:                   ykseys
ykseyksissä                             :P:Ine:                   ykseys
ykseyksistä                             :P:Ela:                   ykseys
ykseyksiin                              :P:Ill:                   ykseys
ykseyksillä                             :P:Ade:                   ykseys
ykseyksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ykseys
ykseyksille                             :P:All:                   ykseys
ykseyksinä                              :P:Ess:                   ykseys
ykseyksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ykseys
ykseyksin                               :P:Ins:                   ykseys
ykseyksittä                             :P:Abe:                   ykseys
ykseyksine                              :P:Kom:                   ykseys
käksi                                   :S:Nom:                   yksi
kähden                                  :S:Gen:                   yksi
kähtä                                   :S:Par:                   yksi
kähdessä                                :S:Ine:                   yksi
kähdestä                                :S:Ela:                   yksi
kähteen                                 :S:Ill:                   yksi
kähdellä                                :S:Ade:                   yksi
kähdeltä                                :S:Abl:                   yksi
kähdelle                                :S:All:                   yksi
kähtenä                                 :S:Ess:                   yksi
kähdeksi                                :S:Tra:                   yksi
läpsettä                                :S:Abe:                   yksi
kähdet                                  :P:Nom:                   yksi
käksien                                 :P:Gen:                   yksi
käksiä                                  :P:Par:                   yksi
käksissä                                :P:Ine:                   yksi
käksistä                                :P:Ela:                   yksi
käksiin                                 :P:Ill:                   yksi
käksillä                                :P:Ade:                   yksi
käksiltä                                :P:Abl:                   yksi
käksille                                :P:All:                   yksi
käksinä                                 :P:Ess:                   yksi
käksiksi                                :P:Tra:                   yksi
käksin                                  :P:Ins:                   yksi
käksittä                                :P:Abe:                   yksi
käksine                                 :P:Kom:                   yksi
yksiavioinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioista                            :S:Par:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioiselle                          :S:All:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisia                            :P:Par:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisille                          :P:All:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksiavioinen
yksiavioisuus                           :S:Nom:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuutta                         :S:Par:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuudelle                       :S:All:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksille                      :P:All:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksiavioisuus
yksiavioisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yksiavioisuus
yksihenkinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkistä                            :S:Par:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkiselle                          :S:All:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisille                          :P:All:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksihenkinen
yksihenkisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksihenkinen
yksi-ilmeineä                           :S:Nom:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineän                          :S:Gen:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineätä                         :S:Par:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineässä                        :S:Ine:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineästä                        :S:Ela:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineähän                        :S:Ill:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineällä                        :S:Ade:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineältä                        :S:Abl:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineälle                        :S:All:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineänä                         :S:Ess:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineäksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineättä                        :S:Abe:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineät                          :P:Nom:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineiden                        :P:Gen:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineitten                       :P:Gen:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineitä                         :P:Par:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineissä                        :P:Ine:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineistä                        :P:Ela:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineillä                        :P:Ade:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineille                        :P:All:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineinä                         :P:Ess:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeinein                          :P:Ins:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineittä                        :P:Abe:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksi-ilmeineine                         :P:Kom:                   yksi-ilmeinen
yksijumalainen                          :S:Nom:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaista                          :S:Par:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaiselle                        :S:All:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisia                          :P:Par:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisille                        :P:All:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksijumalainen
yksijumalaisuus                         :S:Nom:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuutta                       :S:Par:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuudelle                     :S:All:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksille                    :P:All:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksijumalaisuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yksijumalaisuus
yksikamarijärjestelmä                   :S:Nom:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmän                  :S:Gen:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmää                  :S:Par:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmässä                :S:Ine:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmästä                :S:Ela:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmään                 :S:Ill:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmällä                :S:Ade:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmältä                :S:Abl:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmälle                :S:All:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmänä                 :S:Ess:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmäksi                :S:Tra:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmättä                :S:Abe:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmät                  :P:Nom:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmien                 :P:Gen:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmäin                 :P:Gen:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmiä                  :P:Par:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmissä                :P:Ine:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmistä                :P:Ela:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmiin                 :P:Ill:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmillä                :P:Ade:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmiltä                :P:Abl:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmille                :P:All:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelminä                 :P:Ess:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmiksi                :P:Tra:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmin                  :P:Ins:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmittä                :P:Abe:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarijärjestelmine                 :P:Kom:                   yksikamarijärjestelmä
yksikamarinen                           :S:Nom:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarista                           :S:Par:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamariseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisella                         :S:Ade:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamariselta                         :S:Abl:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamariselle                         :S:All:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisena                          :S:Ess:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamariseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamariset                           :P:Nom:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamaristen                          :P:Gen:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisia                           :P:Par:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisista                         :P:Ela:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisille                         :P:All:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisina                          :P:Ess:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksikamarinen
yksikamarisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksikamarinen
yksikerroksinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksista                         :S:Par:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisella                       :S:Ade:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksiselta                       :S:Abl:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksiselle                       :S:All:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisena                        :S:Ess:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisia                         :P:Par:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisista                       :P:Ela:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisille                       :P:All:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisina                        :P:Ess:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikerroksisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksikerroksinen
yksikielinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksikielinen
yksikielistä                            :S:Par:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksikielinen
yksikieliseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksikielinen
yksikieliseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksikielinen
yksikieliselle                          :S:All:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksikielinen
yksikieliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksikielinen
yksikieliset                            :P:Nom:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisille                          :P:All:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksikielinen
yksikielisyys                           :S:Nom:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyden                         :S:Gen:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyttä                         :S:Par:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyydessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyydestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyteen                        :S:Ill:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyydellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyydeltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyydelle                       :S:All:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyytenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyydeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyttä                         :S:Abe:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyydet                         :P:Nom:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksille                      :P:All:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yksikielisyys
yksikielisyyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yksikielisyys
yksikkö                                 :S:Nom:                   yksikkö
yksikön                                 :S:Gen:                   yksikkö
yksikköä                                :S:Par:                   yksikkö
yksikössä                               :S:Ine:                   yksikkö
yksiköstä                               :S:Ela:                   yksikkö
yksikköön                               :S:Ill:                   yksikkö
yksiköllä                               :S:Ade:                   yksikkö
yksiköltä                               :S:Abl:                   yksikkö
yksikölle                               :S:All:                   yksikkö
yksikkönä                               :S:Ess:                   yksikkö
yksiköksi                               :S:Tra:                   yksikkö
yksiköttä                               :S:Abe:                   yksikkö
yksiköt                                 :P:Nom:                   yksikkö
yksikköjen                              :P:Gen:                   yksikkö
yksiköiden                              :P:Gen:                   yksikkö
yksiköitten                             :P:Gen:                   yksikkö
yksikköjä                               :P:Par:                   yksikkö
yksiköitä                               :P:Par:                   yksikkö
yksiköissä                              :P:Ine:                   yksikkö
yksiköistä                              :P:Ela:                   yksikkö
yksikköihin                             :P:Ill:                   yksikkö
yksiköihin                              :P:Ill:                   yksikkö
yksiköillä                              :P:Ade:                   yksikkö
yksiköiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yksikkö
yksiköille                              :P:All:                   yksikkö
yksikköinä                              :P:Ess:                   yksikkö
yksiköiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yksikkö
yksiköin                                :P:Ins:                   yksikkö
yksiköittä                              :P:Abe:                   yksikkö
yksiköine                               :P:Kom:                   yksikkö
yksikköhinta                            :S:Nom:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnan                           :S:Gen:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintaa                           :S:Par:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnassa                         :S:Ine:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnasta                         :S:Ela:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintaan                          :S:Ill:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnalla                         :S:Ade:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnalta                         :S:Abl:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnalle                         :S:All:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintana                          :S:Ess:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnatta                         :S:Abe:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnat                           :P:Nom:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintojen                         :P:Gen:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintain                          :P:Gen:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintoja                          :P:Par:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnoista                        :P:Ela:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnoille                        :P:All:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintoina                         :P:Ess:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnoin                          :P:Ins:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhinnoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköhintoine                         :P:Kom:                   yksikköhinta
yksikköluku                             :S:Nom:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvun                            :S:Gen:                   yksikköluku
yksikkölukua                            :S:Par:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvussa                          :S:Ine:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvusta                          :S:Ela:                   yksikköluku
yksikkölukuun                           :S:Ill:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvulla                          :S:Ade:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvulta                          :S:Abl:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvulle                          :S:All:                   yksikköluku
yksikkölukuna                           :S:Ess:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvutta                          :S:Abe:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvut                            :P:Nom:                   yksikköluku
yksikkölukujen                          :P:Gen:                   yksikköluku
yksikkölukuja                           :P:Par:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuista                         :P:Ela:                   yksikköluku
yksikkölukuihin                         :P:Ill:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuille                         :P:All:                   yksikköluku
yksikkölukuina                          :P:Ess:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuin                           :P:Ins:                   yksikköluku
yksikköluvuitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksikköluku
yksikkölukuine                          :P:Kom:                   yksikköluku
yksikkömuoto                            :S:Nom:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodon                           :S:Gen:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotoa                           :S:Par:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodossa                         :S:Ine:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodosta                         :S:Ela:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotoon                          :S:Ill:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodolla                         :S:Ade:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodolta                         :S:Abl:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodolle                         :S:All:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotona                          :S:Ess:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodotta                         :S:Abe:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodot                           :P:Nom:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotojen                         :P:Gen:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotoja                          :P:Par:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoista                        :P:Ela:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoille                        :P:All:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotoina                         :P:Ess:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoin                          :P:Ins:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuodoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotoine                         :P:Kom:                   yksikkömuoto
yksikkömuotoinen                        :S:Nom:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisen                        :S:Gen:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoista                        :S:Par:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoiseen                       :S:Ill:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisella                      :S:Ade:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoiselta                      :S:Abl:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoiselle                      :S:All:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisena                       :S:Ess:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoiset                        :P:Nom:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisten                       :P:Gen:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisin                        :P:Gen:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisia                        :P:Par:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisista                      :P:Ela:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisille                      :P:All:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisina                       :P:Ess:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisin                        :P:Ins:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikkömuotoisine                       :P:Kom:                   yksikkömuotoinen
yksikköupseeri                          :S:Nom:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerin                         :S:Gen:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseeria                         :S:Par:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerissa                       :S:Ine:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerista                       :S:Ela:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseeriin                        :S:Ill:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerilla                       :S:Ade:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerilta                       :S:Abl:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerille                       :S:All:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerina                        :S:Ess:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseeriksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseeritta                       :S:Abe:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerit                         :P:Nom:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerien                        :P:Gen:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereiden                      :P:Gen:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereitten                     :P:Gen:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereja                        :P:Par:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereita                       :P:Par:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereista                      :P:Ela:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereihin                      :P:Ill:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereille                      :P:All:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereina                       :P:Ess:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseerein                        :P:Ins:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikköupseereine                       :P:Kom:                   yksikköupseeri
yksikotinen                             :S:Nom:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisen                             :S:Gen:                   yksikotinen
yksikotista                             :S:Par:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yksikotinen
yksikotiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisella                           :S:Ade:                   yksikotinen
yksikotiselta                           :S:Abl:                   yksikotinen
yksikotiselle                           :S:All:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisena                            :S:Ess:                   yksikotinen
yksikotiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yksikotinen
yksikotiset                             :P:Nom:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisten                            :P:Gen:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisin                             :P:Gen:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisia                             :P:Par:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisista                           :P:Ela:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisille                           :P:All:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisina                            :P:Ess:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisin                             :P:Ins:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisine                            :P:Kom:                   yksikotinen
yksikotisuus                            :S:Nom:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuutta                          :S:Par:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuudelle                        :S:All:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksille                       :P:All:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksikotisuus
yksikotisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yksikotisuus
yksikyttyräinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräistä                         :S:Par:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräiselle                       :S:All:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisettä                       :S:Abe:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisiä                         :P:Par:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisille                       :P:All:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikyttyräisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksikyttyräinen
yksikäsitteinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteistä                         :S:Par:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteiselle                       :S:All:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisettä                       :S:Abe:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisiä                         :P:Par:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisille                       :P:All:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikäsitteisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksikäsitteinen
yksikätinen                             :S:Nom:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisen                             :S:Gen:                   yksikätinen
yksikätistä                             :S:Par:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yksikätinen
yksikätiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yksikätinen
yksikätiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yksikätinen
yksikätiselle                           :S:All:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yksikätinen
yksikätiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yksikätinen
yksikätiset                             :P:Nom:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisten                            :P:Gen:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisin                             :P:Gen:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisiä                             :P:Par:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisille                           :P:All:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisin                             :P:Ins:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksikätinen
yksikätisine                            :P:Kom:                   yksikätinen
yksiköitän                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksiköittää
yksiköität                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittää                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitämme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköitätte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittävät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitetään                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköitä                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitä                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitä                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitä                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitä                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitä                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitetä                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköitin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksiköittää
yksiköitit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköitti                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköititte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittivät                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitettiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköittänen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänevät                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitettäneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitettäne                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköittäisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitettäisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitettäisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköitä                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäkäämme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäkää                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäkööt                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitettäköön                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköitä                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitettäkö                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittää                             :Inf1:                    yksiköittää
yksiköittääkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yksiköittää
yksiköittäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksiköittää
yksiköitettäessä                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksiköittää
yksiköittäen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksiköittää
yksiköittämässä                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksiköittää
yksiköittämästä                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksiköittää
yksiköittämään                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksiköittää
yksiköittämällä                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksiköittää
yksiköittämättä                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksiköittää
yksiköittämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksiköittää
yksiköitettämän                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksiköittää
yksiköittäminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yksiköittää
yksiköittämistä                         :Inf4:Par:                yksiköittää
yksiköittämäisillään                    :Inf5:                    yksiköittää
yksiköittävä                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksiköittää
yksiköitettävä                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittämä                            :Cip:Age:                 yksiköittää
yksiköittämätön                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Con:Per:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksiköittää
yksiköittänyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköittäneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksiköittää
yksiköitetty                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksiköittää
yksiköllinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllistä                            :S:Par:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksiköllinen
yksikölliseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksiköllinen
yksikölliseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksiköllinen
yksikölliselle                          :S:All:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksiköllinen
yksikölliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksiköllinen
yksikölliset                            :P:Nom:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisille                          :P:All:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksiköllinen
yksiköllisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksiköllinen
yksilappeinen                           :S:Nom:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeista                           :S:Par:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisella                         :S:Ade:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeiselle                         :S:All:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisena                          :S:Ess:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisia                           :P:Par:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisista                         :P:Ela:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisille                         :P:All:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisina                          :P:Ess:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksilappeinen
yksilappeisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksilappeinen
yksilapsinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsista                            :S:Par:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsiselle                          :S:All:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisia                            :P:Par:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisille                          :P:All:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksilapsinen
yksilapsisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksilapsinen
yksilevyinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyistä                            :S:Par:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiselle                          :S:All:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisille                          :P:All:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyistä                            :S:Par:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiselle                          :S:All:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisille                          :P:All:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevyisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksilevyinen
yksilevykytkin                          :S:Nom:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimen                        :S:Gen:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkintä                        :S:Par:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimessä                      :S:Ine:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimestä                      :S:Ela:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimeen                       :S:Ill:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimellä                      :S:Ade:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimeltä                      :S:Abl:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimelle                      :S:All:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimenä                       :S:Ess:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimettä                      :S:Abe:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimet                        :P:Nom:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimien                       :P:Gen:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkinten                       :P:Gen:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimiä                        :P:Par:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimissä                      :P:Ine:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimistä                      :P:Ela:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimillä                      :P:Ade:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimille                      :P:All:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkiminä                       :P:Ess:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimin                        :P:Ins:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimittä                      :P:Abe:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilevykytkimine                       :P:Kom:                   yksilevykytkin
yksilö                                  :S:Nom:                   yksilö
yksilön                                 :S:Gen:                   yksilö
yksilöä                                 :S:Par:                   yksilö
yksilössä                               :S:Ine:                   yksilö
yksilöstä                               :S:Ela:                   yksilö
yksilöön                                :S:Ill:                   yksilö
yksilöllä                               :S:Ade:                   yksilö
yksilöltä                               :S:Abl:                   yksilö
yksilölle                               :S:All:                   yksilö
yksilönä                                :S:Ess:                   yksilö
yksilöksi                               :S:Tra:                   yksilö
yksilöttä                               :S:Abe:                   yksilö
yksilöt                                 :P:Nom:                   yksilö
yksilöjen                               :P:Gen:                   yksilö
yksilöiden                              :P:Gen:                   yksilö
yksilöitten                             :P:Gen:                   yksilö
yksilöjä                                :P:Par:                   yksilö
yksilöitä                               :P:Par:                   yksilö
yksilöissä                              :P:Ine:                   yksilö
yksilöistä                              :P:Ela:                   yksilö
yksilöihin                              :P:Ill:                   yksilö
yksilöillä                              :P:Ade:                   yksilö
yksilöiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yksilö
yksilöille                              :P:All:                   yksilö
yksilöinä                               :P:Ess:                   yksilö
yksilöiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yksilö
yksilöin                                :P:Ins:                   yksilö
yksilöittä                              :P:Abe:                   yksilö
yksilöine                               :P:Kom:                   yksilö
yksilöin                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöidä
yksilöit                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöimme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöitte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöivät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöidään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöidä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksilöidä
yksilöit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöitiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöinen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöidä
yksilöinet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöinee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöinemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöinette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöinevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöitäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöitäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöidä
yksilöisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöitäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöitäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöiköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöikäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöikää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöikööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöitäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöitäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöidä                               :Inf1:                    yksilöidä
yksilöidäkseen                          :Inf1:L:                  yksilöidä
yksilöidessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksilöidä
yksilöitäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksilöidä
yksilöiden                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksilöidä
yksilöimässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksilöidä
yksilöimästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksilöidä
yksilöimään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksilöidä
yksilöimällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksilöidä
yksilöimättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksilöidä
yksilöimän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksilöidä
yksilöitämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksilöidä
yksilöiminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yksilöidä
yksilöimistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yksilöidä
yksilöimäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yksilöidä
yksilöivä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksilöidä
yksilöitävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöimä                               :Cip:Age:                 yksilöidä
yksilöimätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Con:Per:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksilöidä
yksilöinyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöidä
yksilöity                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöidä
yksilöinti                              :S:Nom:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinnin                             :S:Gen:                   yksilöinti
yksilöintiä                             :S:Par:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinnissä                           :S:Ine:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinnistä                           :S:Ela:                   yksilöinti
yksilöintiin                            :S:Ill:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinnillä                           :S:Ade:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinniltä                           :S:Abl:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinnille                           :S:All:                   yksilöinti
yksilöintinä                            :S:Ess:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinniksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinnittä                           :S:Abe:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinnit                             :P:Nom:                   yksilöinti
yksilöintien                            :P:Gen:                   yksilöinti
yksilöintejä                            :P:Par:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinneissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinneistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinteihin                          :P:Ill:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinneillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinneiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinneille                          :P:All:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinteinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinnein                            :P:Ins:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinneittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksilöinti
yksilöinteine                           :P:Kom:                   yksilöinti
yksilöittäinen                          :S:Nom:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäistä                          :S:Par:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisessä                        :S:Ine:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisestä                        :S:Ela:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisellä                        :S:Ade:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäiseltä                        :S:Abl:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäiselle                        :S:All:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisenä                         :S:Ess:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisettä                        :S:Abe:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisiä                          :P:Par:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisissä                        :P:Ine:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisistä                        :P:Ela:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisillä                        :P:Ade:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisille                        :P:All:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisinä                         :P:Ess:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisittä                        :P:Abe:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöittäisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksilöittäinen
yksilöidyn                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöityä
yksilöidyt                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityy                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidymme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöidytte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityvät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidytään                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöidy                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidy                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidy                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidy                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidy                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidy                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidytä                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilöidyin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksilöityä
yksilöidyit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityi                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidyimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöidyitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityivät                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidyttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilöitynen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynevät                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidyttäneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöityne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidyttäne                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilöityisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöityä
yksilöityisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöityisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöityisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityisivät                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidyttäisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöityisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidyttäisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilöidy                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityköön                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöitykäämme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöitykää                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöitykööt                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidyttäköön                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöidy                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidyttäkö                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöityä                              :Inf1:                    yksilöityä
yksilöityäkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  yksilöityä
yksilöityessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksilöityä
yksilöidyttäessä                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksilöityä
yksilöityen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksilöityä
yksilöitymässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksilöityä
yksilöitymästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksilöityä
yksilöitymään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksilöityä
yksilöitymällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksilöityä
yksilöitymättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksilöityä
yksilöitymän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksilöityä
yksilöidyttämän                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksilöityä
yksilöityminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                yksilöityä
yksilöitymistä                          :Inf4:Par:                yksilöityä
yksilöitymäisillään                     :Inf5:                    yksilöityä
yksilöityvä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksilöityä
yksilöidyttävä                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöitymä                             :Cip:Age:                 yksilöityä
yksilöitymätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Con:Per:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksilöityä
yksilöitynyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöityneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöityä
yksilöidytty                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöityä
yksilökeskeinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeistä                         :S:Par:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeiselle                       :S:All:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisettä                       :S:Abe:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisiä                         :P:Par:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisille                       :P:All:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksilökeskeinen
yksilökeskeisyys                        :S:Nom:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyden                      :S:Gen:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyttä                      :S:Par:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyydessä                    :S:Ine:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyydestä                    :S:Ela:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyteen                     :S:Ill:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyydellä                    :S:Ade:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyydeltä                    :S:Abl:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyydelle                    :S:All:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyytenä                     :S:Ess:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyydeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyttä                      :S:Abe:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyydet                      :P:Nom:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksien                    :P:Gen:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksiä                     :P:Par:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksissä                   :P:Ine:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksistä                   :P:Ela:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksillä                   :P:Ade:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksiltä                   :P:Abl:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksille                   :P:All:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksinä                    :P:Ess:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksin                     :P:Ins:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksittä                   :P:Abe:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökeskeisyyksine                    :P:Kom:                   yksilökeskeisyys
yksilökohtainen                         :S:Nom:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaista                         :S:Par:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisella                       :S:Ade:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaiselta                       :S:Abl:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaiselle                       :S:All:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisena                        :S:Ess:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisia                         :P:Par:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisista                       :P:Ela:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisille                       :P:All:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisina                        :P:Ess:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksilökohtainen
yksilökohtaisuus                        :S:Nom:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuden                      :S:Gen:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuutta                      :S:Par:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuudessa                    :S:Ine:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuudesta                    :S:Ela:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuteen                     :S:Ill:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuudella                    :S:Ade:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuudelta                    :S:Abl:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuudelle                    :S:All:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuutena                     :S:Ess:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuudeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuutta                      :S:Abe:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuudet                      :P:Nom:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksia                     :P:Par:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksille                   :P:All:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökohtaisuuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yksilökohtaisuus
yksilökäsite                            :S:Nom:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteen                         :S:Gen:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitettä                         :S:Par:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteeseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteeltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteelle                       :S:All:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteettä                       :S:Abe:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteet                         :P:Nom:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteiden                       :P:Gen:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsiteitten                       :P:Gen:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteitä                        :P:Par:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteihin                       :P:Ill:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteille                       :P:All:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsittein                         :P:Ins:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäsitteine                        :P:Kom:                   yksilökäsite
yksilökäyttäytyminen                    :S:Nom:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisen                    :S:Gen:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymistä                    :S:Par:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisessä                  :S:Ine:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisestä                  :S:Ela:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymiseen                   :S:Ill:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisellä                  :S:Ade:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymiseltä                  :S:Abl:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymiselle                  :S:All:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisenä                   :S:Ess:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymiseksi                  :S:Tra:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisettä                  :S:Abe:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymiset                    :P:Nom:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisten                   :P:Gen:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisin                    :P:Gen:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisiä                    :P:Par:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisissä                  :P:Ine:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisistä                  :P:Ela:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisiin                   :P:Ill:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisillä                  :P:Ade:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisiltä                  :P:Abl:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisille                  :P:All:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisinä                   :P:Ess:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisin                    :P:Ins:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisittä                  :P:Abe:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilökäyttäytymisine                   :P:Kom:                   yksilökäyttäytyminen
yksilöllinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllistä                            :S:Par:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksilöllinen
yksilölliseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksilöllinen
yksilölliseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksilöllinen
yksilölliselle                          :S:All:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksilöllinen
yksilölliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksilöllinen
yksilölliset                            :P:Nom:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisille                          :P:All:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksilöllinen
yksilöllistyn                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyt                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyy                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyvät                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytään                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllisty                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllisty                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllisty                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllisty                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllisty                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllisty                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytä                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyin                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyit                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyi                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyimme                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyitte                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyivät                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynevät                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttäneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttäne                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisivät                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttäisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttäisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllisty                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyköön                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistykäämme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistykää                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistykööt                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttäköön                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllisty                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistykö                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistykö                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistykö                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistykö                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttäkö                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyä                           :Inf1:                    yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyäkseen                      :Inf1:L:                  yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyessä                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttäessä                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymässä                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymästä                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymään                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymällä                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymättä                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymän                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttämän                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymistä                       :Inf4:Par:                yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymäisillään                  :Inf5:                    yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyvä                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyttävä                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymä                          :Cip:Age:                 yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistymätön                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Con:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistynyt                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistyneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistytty                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistyä
yksilöllistän                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistää                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistätte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistävät                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetään                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistä                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetä                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllistin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllisti                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistivät                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänevät                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettäneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettäne                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisivät                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettäisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettäisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllistä                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäköön                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäkäämme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäkää                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäkööt                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettäköön                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistä                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäkö                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäkö                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäkö                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäkö                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettäkö                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistää                           :Inf1:                    yksilöllistää
yksilöllistääkseen                      :Inf1:L:                  yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäessä                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettäessä                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämässä                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämästä                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämään                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämällä                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämättä                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämän                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettämän                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämistä                       :Inf4:Par:                yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämäisillään                  :Inf5:                    yksilöllistää
yksilöllistävä                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistettävä                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämä                          :Cip:Age:                 yksilöllistää
yksilöllistämätön                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Con:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksilöllistää
yksilöllistänyt                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistäneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksilöllistää
yksilöllistetty                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksilöllistää
yksilöllisyys                           :S:Nom:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyden                         :S:Gen:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyttä                         :S:Par:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyydessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyydestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyteen                        :S:Ill:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyydellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyydeltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyydelle                       :S:All:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyytenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyydeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyttä                         :S:Abe:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyydet                         :P:Nom:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksille                      :P:All:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilöllisyyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yksilöllisyys
yksilönkehitys                          :S:Nom:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksen                       :S:Gen:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehitystä                        :S:Par:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksessä                     :S:Ine:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksestä                     :S:Ela:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehitykseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksellä                     :S:Ade:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehitykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehitykselle                     :S:All:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksenä                      :S:Ess:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehitykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksettä                     :S:Abe:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehitykset                       :P:Nom:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehitysten                       :P:Gen:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksiä                       :P:Par:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksille                     :P:All:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönkehityksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksilönkehitys
yksilönumero                            :S:Nom:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeron                           :S:Gen:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroa                           :S:Par:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerossa                         :S:Ine:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerosta                         :S:Ela:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroon                          :S:Ill:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerolla                         :S:Ade:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerolta                         :S:Abl:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerolle                         :S:All:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerona                          :S:Ess:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerotta                         :S:Abe:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerot                           :P:Nom:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumerojen                         :P:Gen:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroiden                        :P:Gen:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroitten                       :P:Gen:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroja                          :P:Par:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroita                         :P:Par:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroista                        :P:Ela:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroille                        :P:All:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroina                         :P:Ess:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroin                          :P:Ins:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksilönumero
yksilönumeroine                         :P:Kom:                   yksilönumero
yksilöpsykologia                        :S:Nom:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologian                       :S:Gen:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiaa                       :S:Par:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiassa                     :S:Ine:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiasta                     :S:Ela:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiaan                      :S:Ill:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologialla                     :S:Ade:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologialta                     :S:Abl:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologialle                     :S:All:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiana                      :S:Ess:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiatta                     :S:Abe:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiat                       :P:Nom:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioiden                    :P:Gen:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioitten                   :P:Gen:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologiain                      :P:Gen:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioita                     :P:Par:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioista                    :P:Ela:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioihin                    :P:Ill:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioille                    :P:All:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioina                     :P:Ess:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioin                      :P:Ins:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologioine                     :P:Kom:                   yksilöpsykologia
yksilöpsykologinen                      :S:Nom:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisen                      :S:Gen:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologista                      :S:Par:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisessa                    :S:Ine:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisesta                    :S:Ela:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologiseen                     :S:Ill:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisella                    :S:Ade:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologiselta                    :S:Abl:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologiselle                    :S:All:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisena                     :S:Ess:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologiseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisetta                    :S:Abe:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologiset                      :P:Nom:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisten                     :P:Gen:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisin                      :P:Gen:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisia                      :P:Par:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisista                    :P:Ela:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisille                    :P:All:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisina                     :P:Ess:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisin                      :P:Ins:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilöpsykologisine                     :P:Kom:                   yksilöpsykologinen
yksilötaso                              :S:Nom:                   yksilötaso
yksilötason                             :S:Gen:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoa                             :S:Par:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasossa                           :S:Ine:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasosta                           :S:Ela:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoon                            :S:Ill:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasolla                           :S:Ade:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasolta                           :S:Abl:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasolle                           :S:All:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasona                            :S:Ess:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasotta                           :S:Abe:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasot                             :P:Nom:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasojen                           :P:Gen:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoja                            :P:Par:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoista                          :P:Ela:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoille                          :P:All:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoina                           :P:Ess:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoin                            :P:Ins:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksilötaso
yksilötasoine                           :P:Kom:                   yksilötaso
yksilöterapia                           :S:Nom:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapian                          :S:Gen:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiaa                          :S:Par:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiassa                        :S:Ine:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiasta                        :S:Ela:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiaan                         :S:Ill:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapialla                        :S:Ade:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapialta                        :S:Abl:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapialle                        :S:All:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiana                         :S:Ess:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiatta                        :S:Abe:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiat                          :P:Nom:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioiden                       :P:Gen:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioitten                      :P:Gen:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapiain                         :P:Gen:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioita                        :P:Par:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioista                       :P:Ela:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioihin                       :P:Ill:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioille                       :P:All:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioina                        :P:Ess:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioin                         :P:Ins:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöterapioine                        :P:Kom:                   yksilöterapia
yksilöys                                :S:Nom:                   yksilöys
yksilöyden                              :S:Gen:                   yksilöys
yksilöyttä                              :S:Par:                   yksilöys
yksilöydessä                            :S:Ine:                   yksilöys
yksilöydestä                            :S:Ela:                   yksilöys
yksilöyteen                             :S:Ill:                   yksilöys
yksilöydellä                            :S:Ade:                   yksilöys
yksilöydeltä                            :S:Abl:                   yksilöys
yksilöydelle                            :S:All:                   yksilöys
yksilöytenä                             :S:Ess:                   yksilöys
yksilöydeksi                            :S:Tra:                   yksilöys
yksilöyttä                              :S:Abe:                   yksilöys
yksilöydet                              :P:Nom:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksien                            :P:Gen:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksiä                             :P:Par:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksille                           :P:All:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksin                             :P:Ins:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksilöys
yksilöyksine                            :P:Kom:                   yksilöys
yksimetallikanta                        :S:Nom:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannan                       :S:Gen:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantaa                       :S:Par:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannassa                     :S:Ine:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannasta                     :S:Ela:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantaan                      :S:Ill:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannalla                     :S:Ade:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannalta                     :S:Abl:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannalle                     :S:All:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantana                      :S:Ess:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannatta                     :S:Abe:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannat                       :P:Nom:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantojen                     :P:Gen:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantain                      :P:Gen:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantoja                      :P:Par:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannoissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannoista                    :P:Ela:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantoihin                    :P:Ill:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannoilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannoilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannoille                    :P:All:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantoina                     :P:Ess:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannoin                      :P:Ins:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikannoitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimetallikantoine                     :P:Kom:                   yksimetallikanta
yksimielinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksimielinen
yksimielistä                            :S:Par:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksimielinen
yksimieliseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksimielinen
yksimieliseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksimielinen
yksimieliselle                          :S:All:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksimielinen
yksimieliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksimielinen
yksimieliset                            :P:Nom:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisille                          :P:All:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksimielinen
yksimielisyys                           :S:Nom:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyden                         :S:Gen:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyttä                         :S:Par:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyydessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyydestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyteen                        :S:Ill:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyydellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyydeltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyydelle                       :S:All:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyytenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyydeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyttä                         :S:Abe:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyydet                         :P:Nom:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksille                      :P:All:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yksimielisyys
yksimielisyyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yksimielisyys
yksimoottorinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorista                         :S:Par:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottoriseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisella                       :S:Ade:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottoriselta                       :S:Abl:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottoriselle                       :S:All:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisena                        :S:Ess:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottoriseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottoriset                         :P:Nom:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottoristen                        :P:Gen:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisia                         :P:Par:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisista                       :P:Ela:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisille                       :P:All:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisina                        :P:Ess:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksimoottorinen
yksimoottorisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksimoottorinen
yksinedustaja                           :S:Nom:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajan                          :S:Gen:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajaa                          :S:Par:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajassa                        :S:Ine:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajasta                        :S:Ela:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajaan                         :S:Ill:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajalla                        :S:Ade:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajalta                        :S:Abl:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajalle                        :S:All:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajana                         :S:Ess:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajatta                        :S:Abe:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajat                          :P:Nom:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajien                         :P:Gen:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajain                         :P:Gen:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajia                          :P:Par:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajista                        :P:Ela:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajille                        :P:All:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajina                         :P:Ess:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajin                          :P:Ins:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustajine                         :P:Kom:                   yksinedustaja
yksinedustus                            :S:Nom:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksen                         :S:Gen:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustusta                          :S:Par:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustukseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksella                       :S:Ade:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustukselta                       :S:Abl:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustukselle                       :S:All:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksena                        :S:Ess:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustukset                         :P:Nom:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustusten                         :P:Gen:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksia                         :P:Par:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksille                       :P:All:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksinedustus
yksinedustuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yksinedustus
yksineläjä                              :S:Nom:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjän                             :S:Gen:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjää                             :S:Par:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjässä                           :S:Ine:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjästä                           :S:Ela:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjään                            :S:Ill:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjällä                           :S:Ade:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjältä                           :S:Abl:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjälle                           :S:All:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjänä                            :S:Ess:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjäksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjättä                           :S:Abe:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjät                             :P:Nom:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjien                            :P:Gen:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjäin                            :P:Gen:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjiä                             :P:Par:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjille                           :P:All:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjin                             :P:Ins:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksineläjä
yksineläjine                            :P:Kom:                   yksineläjä
yksineuvoinen                           :S:Nom:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoista                           :S:Par:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisella                         :S:Ade:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoiselle                         :S:All:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisena                          :S:Ess:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisia                           :P:Par:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisista                         :P:Ela:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisille                         :P:All:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisina                          :P:Ess:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksineuvoinen
yksineuvoisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksineuvoisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksineuvoisuus
yksinhuoltaja                           :S:Nom:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajan                          :S:Gen:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajaa                          :S:Par:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajassa                        :S:Ine:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajasta                        :S:Ela:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajaan                         :S:Ill:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajalla                        :S:Ade:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajalta                        :S:Abl:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajalle                        :S:All:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajana                         :S:Ess:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajatta                        :S:Abe:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajat                          :P:Nom:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajien                         :P:Gen:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajain                         :P:Gen:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajia                          :P:Par:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajista                        :P:Ela:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajille                        :P:All:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajina                         :P:Ess:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajin                          :P:Ins:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajine                         :P:Kom:                   yksinhuoltaja
yksinhuoltajaisä                        :S:Nom:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisän                       :S:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisää                       :S:Par:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisässä                     :S:Ine:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisästä                     :S:Ela:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisään                      :S:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisällä                     :S:Ade:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisältä                     :S:Abl:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisälle                     :S:All:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisänä                      :S:Ess:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisäksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisättä                     :S:Abe:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisät                       :P:Nom:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisien                      :P:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisäin                      :P:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisiä                       :P:Par:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisissä                     :P:Ine:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisistä                     :P:Ela:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisillä                     :P:Ade:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisille                     :P:All:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisinä                      :P:Ess:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisin                       :P:Ins:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisittä                     :P:Abe:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaisine                      :P:Kom:                   yksinhuoltajaisä
yksinhuoltajaperhe                      :S:Nom:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheen                    :S:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperhettä                   :S:Par:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheessä                  :S:Ine:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheestä                  :S:Ela:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheeseen                 :S:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheellä                  :S:Ade:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheeltä                  :S:Abl:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheelle                  :S:All:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheenä                   :S:Ess:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheeksi                  :S:Tra:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheettä                  :S:Abe:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheet                    :P:Nom:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheiden                  :P:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheitten                 :P:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheitä                   :P:Par:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheissä                  :P:Ine:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheistä                  :P:Ela:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheisiin                 :P:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheihin                  :P:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheillä                  :P:Ade:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheiltä                  :P:Abl:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheille                  :P:All:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheinä                   :P:Ess:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperhein                    :P:Ins:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheittä                  :P:Abe:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaperheine                   :P:Kom:                   yksinhuoltajaperhe
yksinhuoltajaäiti                       :S:Nom:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidin                      :S:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäitiä                      :S:Par:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidissä                    :S:Ine:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidistä                    :S:Ela:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäitiin                     :S:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidillä                    :S:Ade:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidiltä                    :S:Abl:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidille                    :S:All:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäitinä                     :S:Ess:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidiksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidittä                    :S:Abe:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidit                      :P:Nom:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäitien                     :P:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäitejä                     :P:Par:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäideissä                   :P:Ine:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäideistä                   :P:Ela:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäiteihin                   :P:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäideillä                   :P:Ade:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäideiltä                   :P:Abl:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäideille                   :P:All:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäiteinä                    :P:Ess:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäideiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäidein                     :P:Ins:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäideittä                   :P:Abe:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajaäiteine                    :P:Kom:                   yksinhuoltajaäiti
yksinhuoltajuus                         :S:Nom:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuutta                       :S:Par:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuudelle                     :S:All:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksille                    :P:All:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksinhuoltajuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yksinhuoltajuus
yksiniitinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitistä                            :S:Par:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitiselle                          :S:All:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisille                          :P:All:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksiniitinen
yksiniitisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksiniitinen
yksinkertainen                          :S:Nom:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaista                          :S:Par:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaiselle                        :S:All:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisia                          :P:Par:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisille                        :P:All:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksinkertainen
yksinkertaistan                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaa                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamme                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistatte                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistavat                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistetaan                      :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaisteta                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistin                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistit                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaisti                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistimme                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistitte                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistivat                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettiin                     :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanen                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanet                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanee                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanemme                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanette                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanevat                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettaneen                   :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettane                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisin                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisit                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisimme                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisitte                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisivat                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettaisiin                  :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettaisi                    :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaista                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistakaamme                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistakaa                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistakoot                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettakoon                   :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaista                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistako                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistako                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistako                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistako                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettako                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaa                         :Inf1:                    yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaakseen                    :Inf1:L:                  yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettaessa                   :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaen                        :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamassa                     :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamasta                     :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamaan                      :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamalla                     :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamatta                     :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettaman                    :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaminen                     :Inf4:Nom:                yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamista                     :Inf4:Par:                yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamaisillaan                :Inf5:                    yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistava                        :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettava                     :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistama                        :Cip:Age:                 yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistamaton                     :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Con:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistanut                       :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistaneet                      :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistettu                       :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistaa
yksinkertaistun                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistut                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuu                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumme                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistutte                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuvat                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistutaan                      :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistu                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuta                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuin                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuit                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistui                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuimme                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuitte                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuivat                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttiin                     :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunen                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunet                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunee                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunemme                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunette                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunevat                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttaneen                   :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistune                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttane                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisin                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisit                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisimme                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisitte                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisivat                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttaisiin                  :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttaisi                    :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistu                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistukoon                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistukaamme                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistukaa                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistukoot                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttakoon                   :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistu                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuko                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuko                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuko                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuko                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttako                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistua                         :Inf1:                    yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuakseen                    :Inf1:L:                  yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttaessa                   :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuen                        :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumassa                     :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumasta                     :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumaan                      :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumalla                     :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumatta                     :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuman                       :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttaman                    :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuminen                     :Inf4:Nom:                yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumista                     :Inf4:Par:                yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumaisillaan                :Inf5:                    yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuva                        :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttava                     :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuma                        :Cip:Age:                 yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistumaton                     :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Con:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistunut                       :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuneet                      :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaistuttu                       :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinkertaistua
yksinkertaisuus                         :S:Nom:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuutta                       :S:Par:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuudelle                     :S:All:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksille                    :P:All:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinkertaisuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yksinkertaisuus
yksinlaulu                              :S:Nom:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaulun                             :S:Gen:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaulua                             :S:Par:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaulussa                           :S:Ine:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaulusta                           :S:Ela:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluun                            :S:Ill:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaululla                           :S:Ade:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaululta                           :S:Abl:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaululle                           :S:All:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluna                            :S:Ess:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaulutta                           :S:Abe:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaulut                             :P:Nom:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlaulujen                           :P:Gen:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluja                            :P:Par:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluista                          :P:Ela:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluihin                          :P:Ill:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluille                          :P:All:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluina                           :P:Ess:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluin                            :P:Ins:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlauluine                           :P:Kom:                   yksinlaulu
yksinlento                              :S:Nom:                   yksinlento
yksinlennon                             :S:Gen:                   yksinlento
yksinlentoa                             :S:Par:                   yksinlento
yksinlennossa                           :S:Ine:                   yksinlento
yksinlennosta                           :S:Ela:                   yksinlento
yksinlentoon                            :S:Ill:                   yksinlento
yksinlennolla                           :S:Ade:                   yksinlento
yksinlennolta                           :S:Abl:                   yksinlento
yksinlennolle                           :S:All:                   yksinlento
yksinlentona                            :S:Ess:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksinlento
yksinlennotta                           :S:Abe:                   yksinlento
yksinlennot                             :P:Nom:                   yksinlento
yksinlentojen                           :P:Gen:                   yksinlento
yksinlentoja                            :P:Par:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoista                          :P:Ela:                   yksinlento
yksinlentoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoille                          :P:All:                   yksinlento
yksinlentoina                           :P:Ess:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoin                            :P:Ins:                   yksinlento
yksinlennoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksinlento
yksinlentoine                           :P:Kom:                   yksinlento
yksinmyyjä                              :S:Nom:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjän                             :S:Gen:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjää                             :S:Par:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjässä                           :S:Ine:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjästä                           :S:Ela:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjään                            :S:Ill:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjällä                           :S:Ade:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjältä                           :S:Abl:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjälle                           :S:All:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjänä                            :S:Ess:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjäksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjättä                           :S:Abe:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjät                             :P:Nom:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjien                            :P:Gen:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjäin                            :P:Gen:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjiä                             :P:Par:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjille                           :P:All:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjin                             :P:Ins:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyyjine                            :P:Kom:                   yksinmyyjä
yksinmyynti                             :S:Nom:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynnin                            :S:Gen:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyyntiä                            :S:Par:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynnissä                          :S:Ine:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynnistä                          :S:Ela:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyyntiin                           :S:Ill:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynnillä                          :S:Ade:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynniltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynnille                          :S:All:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyyntinä                           :S:Ess:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynniksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynnittä                          :S:Abe:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynnit                            :P:Nom:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyyntien                           :P:Gen:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyyntejä                           :P:Par:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynneissä                         :P:Ine:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynneistä                         :P:Ela:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynteihin                         :P:Ill:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynneillä                         :P:Ade:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynneiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynneille                         :P:All:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynteinä                          :P:Ess:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynnein                           :P:Ins:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynneittä                         :P:Abe:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyynteine                          :P:Kom:                   yksinmyynti
yksinmyyntioikeus                       :S:Nom:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuden                     :S:Gen:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeutta                     :S:Par:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeudessa                   :S:Ine:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeudesta                   :S:Ela:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuteen                    :S:Ill:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeudella                   :S:Ade:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeudelta                   :S:Abl:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeudelle                   :S:All:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeutena                    :S:Ess:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeudeksi                   :S:Tra:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeutta                     :S:Abe:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeudet                     :P:Nom:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksien                   :P:Gen:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksia                    :P:Par:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksista                  :P:Ela:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksille                  :P:All:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksina                   :P:Ess:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksin                    :P:Ins:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinmyyntioikeuksine                   :P:Kom:                   yksinmyyntioikeus
yksinoikeus                             :S:Nom:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuden                           :S:Gen:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeutta                           :S:Par:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeudessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeudesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuteen                          :S:Ill:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeudella                         :S:Ade:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeudelta                         :S:Abl:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeudelle                         :S:All:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeutena                          :S:Ess:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeutta                           :S:Abe:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeudet                           :P:Nom:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksien                         :P:Gen:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksia                          :P:Par:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksista                        :P:Ela:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksille                        :P:All:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksina                         :P:Ess:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksin                          :P:Ins:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeuksine                         :P:Kom:                   yksinoikeus
yksinoikeutettu                         :S:Nom:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetun                         :S:Gen:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutettua                        :S:Par:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetussa                       :S:Ine:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetusta                       :S:Ela:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutettuun                       :S:Ill:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetulla                       :S:Ade:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetulta                       :S:Abl:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetulle                       :S:All:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutettuna                       :S:Ess:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetutta                       :S:Abe:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetut                         :P:Nom:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutettujen                      :P:Gen:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutettuja                       :P:Par:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuista                      :P:Ela:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutettuihin                     :P:Ill:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuille                      :P:All:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutettuina                      :P:Ess:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuin                        :P:Ins:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutetuitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinoikeutettuine                      :P:Kom:                   yksinoikeutettu
yksinolo                                :S:Nom:                   yksinolo
yksinolon                               :S:Gen:                   yksinolo
yksinoloa                               :S:Par:                   yksinolo
yksinolossa                             :S:Ine:                   yksinolo
yksinolosta                             :S:Ela:                   yksinolo
yksinoloon                              :S:Ill:                   yksinolo
yksinololla                             :S:Ade:                   yksinolo
yksinololta                             :S:Abl:                   yksinolo
yksinololle                             :S:All:                   yksinolo
yksinolona                              :S:Ess:                   yksinolo
yksinoloksi                             :S:Tra:                   yksinolo
yksinolotta                             :S:Abe:                   yksinolo
yksinolot                               :P:Nom:                   yksinolo
yksinolojen                             :P:Gen:                   yksinolo
yksinoloja                              :P:Par:                   yksinolo
yksinoloissa                            :P:Ine:                   yksinolo
yksinoloista                            :P:Ela:                   yksinolo
yksinoloihin                            :P:Ill:                   yksinolo
yksinoloilla                            :P:Ade:                   yksinolo
yksinoloilta                            :P:Abl:                   yksinolo
yksinoloille                            :P:All:                   yksinolo
yksinoloina                             :P:Ess:                   yksinolo
yksinoloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yksinolo
yksinoloin                              :P:Ins:                   yksinolo
yksinoloitta                            :P:Abe:                   yksinolo
yksinoloine                             :P:Kom:                   yksinolo
yksinomainen                            :S:Nom:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaista                            :S:Par:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaiselle                          :S:All:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisia                            :P:Par:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisille                          :P:All:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksinomainen
yksinomaisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksinomainen
yksinpeli                               :S:Nom:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelin                              :S:Gen:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeliä                              :S:Par:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelissä                            :S:Ine:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelistä                            :S:Ela:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeliin                             :S:Ill:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelillä                            :S:Ade:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeliltä                            :S:Abl:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelille                            :S:All:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelinä                             :S:Ess:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeliksi                            :S:Tra:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelittä                            :S:Abe:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelit                              :P:Nom:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelien                             :P:Gen:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelejä                             :P:Par:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleihin                           :P:Ill:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleille                           :P:All:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksinpeli
yksinpelein                             :P:Ins:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksinpeli
yksinpeleine                            :P:Kom:                   yksinpeli
yksinpuhelu                             :S:Nom:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelun                            :S:Gen:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelua                            :S:Par:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelussa                          :S:Ine:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelusta                          :S:Ela:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluun                           :S:Ill:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelulla                          :S:Ade:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelulta                          :S:Abl:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelulle                          :S:All:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluna                           :S:Ess:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelutta                          :S:Abe:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelut                            :P:Nom:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuhelujen                          :P:Gen:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluiden                         :P:Gen:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluitten                        :P:Gen:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluja                           :P:Par:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluita                          :P:Par:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluista                         :P:Ela:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluihin                         :P:Ill:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluille                         :P:All:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluina                          :P:Ess:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluin                           :P:Ins:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpuheluine                          :P:Kom:                   yksinpuhelu
yksinpurjehdus                          :S:Nom:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksen                       :S:Gen:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehdusta                        :S:Par:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehdukseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksella                     :S:Ade:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehdukselta                     :S:Abl:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehdukselle                     :S:All:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksena                      :S:Ess:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehdukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksetta                     :S:Abe:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehdukset                       :P:Nom:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehdusten                       :P:Gen:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksia                       :P:Par:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksille                     :P:All:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehduksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksinpurjehdus
yksinpurjehtija                         :S:Nom:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijan                        :S:Gen:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijaa                        :S:Par:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijassa                      :S:Ine:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijasta                      :S:Ela:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijaan                       :S:Ill:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijalla                      :S:Ade:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijalta                      :S:Abl:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijalle                      :S:All:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijana                       :S:Ess:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijatta                      :S:Abe:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijat                        :P:Nom:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoiden                     :P:Gen:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoitten                    :P:Gen:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijain                       :P:Gen:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoita                      :P:Par:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoista                     :P:Ela:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoihin                     :P:Ill:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoille                     :P:All:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoina                      :P:Ess:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoin                       :P:Ins:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksinpurjehtijoine                      :P:Kom:                   yksinpurjehtija
yksintanssi                             :S:Nom:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssin                            :S:Gen:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssia                            :S:Par:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssissa                          :S:Ine:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssista                          :S:Ela:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssiin                           :S:Ill:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssilla                          :S:Ade:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssilta                          :S:Abl:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssille                          :S:All:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssina                           :S:Ess:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssiksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssitta                          :S:Abe:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssit                            :P:Nom:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssien                           :P:Gen:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseja                           :P:Par:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseista                         :P:Ela:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseihin                         :P:Ill:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseille                         :P:All:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseina                          :P:Ess:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksintanssi
yksintanssein                           :P:Ins:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksintanssi
yksintansseine                          :P:Kom:                   yksintanssi
yksinvalta                              :S:Nom:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallan                             :S:Gen:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltaa                             :S:Par:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallassa                           :S:Ine:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallasta                           :S:Ela:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltaan                            :S:Ill:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallalla                           :S:Ade:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallalta                           :S:Abl:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallalle                           :S:All:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltana                            :S:Ess:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallatta                           :S:Abe:                   yksinvalta
yksinvallat                             :P:Nom:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltojen                           :P:Gen:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltain                            :P:Gen:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltoja                            :P:Par:                   yksinvalta
yksinvalloissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksinvalta
yksinvalloista                          :P:Ela:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yksinvalta
yksinvalloilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksinvalta
yksinvalloilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksinvalta
yksinvalloille                          :P:All:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltoina                           :P:Ess:                   yksinvalta
yksinvalloiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksinvalta
yksinvalloin                            :P:Ins:                   yksinvalta
yksinvalloitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltoine                           :P:Kom:                   yksinvalta
yksinvaltainen                          :S:Nom:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaista                          :S:Par:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaiselle                        :S:All:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisia                          :P:Par:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisille                        :P:All:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksinvaltainen
yksinvaltaisuus                         :S:Nom:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuutta                       :S:Par:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuudelle                     :S:All:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksille                    :P:All:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltaisuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yksinvaltaisuus
yksinvaltias                            :S:Nom:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaan                           :S:Gen:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiasta                          :S:Par:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaassa                         :S:Ine:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaasta                         :S:Ela:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaaseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaalla                         :S:Ade:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaalta                         :S:Abl:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaalle                         :S:All:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaana                          :S:Ess:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaatta                         :S:Abe:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaat                           :P:Nom:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaiden                         :P:Gen:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaitten                        :P:Gen:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaita                          :P:Par:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaista                         :P:Ela:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiailla                         :P:Ade:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiailta                         :P:Abl:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaille                         :P:All:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaina                          :P:Ess:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiain                           :P:Ins:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltiaine                          :P:Kom:                   yksinvaltias
yksinvaltius                            :S:Nom:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuden                          :S:Gen:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiutta                          :S:Par:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuteen                         :S:Ill:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiudella                        :S:Ade:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiudelle                        :S:All:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiutena                         :S:Ess:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiutta                          :S:Abe:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiudet                          :P:Nom:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksia                         :P:Par:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksille                       :P:All:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksinvaltius
yksinvaltiuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yksinvaltius
yksinäinen                              :S:Nom:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisen                              :S:Gen:                   yksinäinen
yksinäistä                              :S:Par:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisessä                            :S:Ine:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisestä                            :S:Ela:                   yksinäinen
yksinäiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisellä                            :S:Ade:                   yksinäinen
yksinäiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yksinäinen
yksinäiselle                            :S:All:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisenä                             :S:Ess:                   yksinäinen
yksinäiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisettä                            :S:Abe:                   yksinäinen
yksinäiset                              :P:Nom:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisten                             :P:Gen:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisin                              :P:Gen:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisiä                              :P:Par:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisissä                            :P:Ine:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisistä                            :P:Ela:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisillä                            :P:Ade:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisille                            :P:All:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisinä                             :P:Ess:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisin                              :P:Ins:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisittä                            :P:Abe:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisine                             :P:Kom:                   yksinäinen
yksinäisselli                           :S:Nom:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellin                          :S:Gen:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselliä                          :S:Par:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellissä                        :S:Ine:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellistä                        :S:Ela:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselliin                         :S:Ill:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellillä                        :S:Ade:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselliltä                        :S:Abl:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellille                        :S:All:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellinä                         :S:Ess:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselliksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellittä                        :S:Abe:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellit                          :P:Nom:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellien                         :P:Gen:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellejä                         :P:Par:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleihin                       :P:Ill:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleille                       :P:All:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäissellein                         :P:Ins:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäisselleine                        :P:Kom:                   yksinäisselli
yksinäistalo                            :S:Nom:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalon                           :S:Gen:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloa                           :S:Par:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalossa                         :S:Ine:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalosta                         :S:Ela:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloon                          :S:Ill:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalolla                         :S:Ade:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalolta                         :S:Abl:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalolle                         :S:All:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalona                          :S:Ess:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalotta                         :S:Abe:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalot                           :P:Nom:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalojen                         :P:Gen:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloja                          :P:Par:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloista                        :P:Ela:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloille                        :P:All:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloina                         :P:Ess:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloin                          :P:Ins:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistaloine                         :P:Kom:                   yksinäistalo
yksinäistalous                          :S:Nom:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouden                        :S:Gen:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloutta                        :S:Par:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouteen                       :S:Ill:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloudella                      :S:Ade:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloudelle                      :S:All:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloutena                       :S:Ess:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloutta                        :S:Abe:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistaloudet                        :P:Nom:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksia                       :P:Par:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksille                     :P:All:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistalouksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksinäistalous
yksinäistyn                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyt                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyy                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistymme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistytte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyvät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistytään                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäistyin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyi                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyivät                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäistynen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynevät                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttäneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttäisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäisty                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyköön                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistykäämme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistykää                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistykööt                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttäköön                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäisty                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistyä                             :Inf1:                    yksinäistyä
yksinäistyäkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yksinäistyä
yksinäistyessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttäessä                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistyen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistymässä                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistymästä                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistymään                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistymällä                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistymättä                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistymän                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttämän                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksinäistyä
yksinäistyminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yksinäistyä
yksinäistymistä                         :Inf4:Par:                yksinäistyä
yksinäistymäisillään                    :Inf5:                    yksinäistyä
yksinäistyvä                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistyttävä                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistymä                            :Cip:Age:                 yksinäistyä
yksinäistymätön                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Con:Per:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksinäistyä
yksinäistynyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistyneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksinäistyä
yksinäistytty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksinäistyä
yksinäisyys                             :S:Nom:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyden                           :S:Gen:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyttä                           :S:Par:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyydessä                         :S:Ine:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyydestä                         :S:Ela:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyteen                          :S:Ill:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyydellä                         :S:Ade:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyydeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyydelle                         :S:All:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyytenä                          :S:Ess:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyydeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyttä                           :S:Abe:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyydet                           :P:Nom:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksien                         :P:Gen:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksiä                          :P:Par:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksille                        :P:All:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksin                          :P:Ins:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäisyyksine                         :P:Kom:                   yksinäisyys
yksinäytöksinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksistä                         :S:Par:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksiselle                       :S:All:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisettä                       :S:Abe:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisiä                         :P:Par:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisille                       :P:All:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksinäytöksisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksinäytöksinen
yksioikoinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoista                            :S:Par:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoiselle                          :S:All:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisia                            :P:Par:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisille                          :P:All:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksioikoinen
yksioikoisuus                           :S:Nom:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuutta                         :S:Par:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuudelle                       :S:All:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksille                      :P:All:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksioikoisuus
yksioikoisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yksioikoisuus
yksiosainen                             :S:Nom:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisen                             :S:Gen:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaista                             :S:Par:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisella                           :S:Ade:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaiselle                           :S:All:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisena                            :S:Ess:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaiset                             :P:Nom:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisten                            :P:Gen:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisin                             :P:Gen:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisia                             :P:Par:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisista                           :P:Ela:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisille                           :P:All:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisina                            :P:Ess:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisin                             :P:Ins:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yksiosainen
yksiosaisine                            :P:Kom:                   yksiosainen
yksiotehana                             :S:Nom:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanan                            :S:Gen:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanaa                            :S:Par:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanassa                          :S:Ine:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanasta                          :S:Ela:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanaan                           :S:Ill:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanalla                          :S:Ade:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanalta                          :S:Abl:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanalle                          :S:All:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanana                           :S:Ess:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanatta                          :S:Abe:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanat                            :P:Nom:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanojen                          :P:Gen:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanain                           :P:Gen:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoja                           :P:Par:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoista                         :P:Ela:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoille                         :P:All:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoina                          :P:Ess:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoin                           :P:Ins:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksiotehana
yksiotehanoine                          :P:Kom:                   yksiotehana
yksiotesekoitin                         :S:Nom:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimen                      :S:Gen:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoitinta                       :S:Par:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimessa                    :S:Ine:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimesta                    :S:Ela:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimeen                     :S:Ill:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimella                    :S:Ade:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimelta                    :S:Abl:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimelle                    :S:All:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimena                     :S:Ess:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimetta                    :S:Abe:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimet                      :P:Nom:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimien                     :P:Gen:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoitinten                      :P:Gen:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimia                      :P:Par:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimista                    :P:Ela:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimille                    :P:All:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimina                     :P:Ess:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimin                      :P:Ins:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksiotesekoittimine                     :P:Kom:                   yksiotesekoitin
yksipaikkainen                          :S:Nom:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaista                          :S:Par:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaiselle                        :S:All:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisia                          :P:Par:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisille                        :P:All:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipaikkaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksipaikkainen
yksipersoonainen                        :S:Nom:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisen                        :S:Gen:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaista                        :S:Par:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaiseen                       :S:Ill:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisella                      :S:Ade:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaiselta                      :S:Abl:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaiselle                      :S:All:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisena                       :S:Ess:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaiset                        :P:Nom:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisten                       :P:Gen:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisin                        :P:Gen:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisia                        :P:Par:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisista                      :P:Ela:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisille                      :P:All:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisina                       :P:Ess:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisin                        :P:Ins:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipersoonaisine                       :P:Kom:                   yksipersoonainen
yksipiippuinen                          :S:Nom:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuista                          :S:Par:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuiselle                        :S:All:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisia                          :P:Par:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisille                        :P:All:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipiippuisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksipiippuinen
yksipuinen                              :S:Nom:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisen                              :S:Gen:                   yksipuinen
yksipuista                              :S:Par:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisessa                            :S:Ine:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisesta                            :S:Ela:                   yksipuinen
yksipuiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisella                            :S:Ade:                   yksipuinen
yksipuiselta                            :S:Abl:                   yksipuinen
yksipuiselle                            :S:All:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisena                             :S:Ess:                   yksipuinen
yksipuiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisetta                            :S:Abe:                   yksipuinen
yksipuiset                              :P:Nom:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisten                             :P:Gen:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisin                              :P:Gen:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisia                              :P:Par:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisissa                            :P:Ine:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisista                            :P:Ela:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisilla                            :P:Ade:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisilta                            :P:Abl:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisille                            :P:All:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisina                             :P:Ess:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisin                              :P:Ins:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisitta                            :P:Abe:                   yksipuinen
yksipuisine                             :P:Kom:                   yksipuinen
yksipuolinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolista                            :S:Par:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuoliseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuoliselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuoliselle                          :S:All:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuoliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuoliset                            :P:Nom:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisia                            :P:Par:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisille                          :P:All:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksipuolinen
yksipuolistan                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistatte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistavat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistetaan                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolista                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolista                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolista                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolista                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolista                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolista                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolisteta                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolisti                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistivat                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettaneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettane                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettaisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettaisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolista                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistakaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistakaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistakoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettakoon                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolista                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettako                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaa                           :Inf1:                    yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettaessa                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettaman                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamista                       :Inf4:Par:                yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistava                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettava                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistama                          :Cip:Age:                 yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistamaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Con:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistanut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistaneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistettu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistaa
yksipuolistun                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistut                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistutte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuvat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistutaan                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuta                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuin                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuit                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistui                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuimme                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuitte                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttaneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttane                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttaisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttaisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolistu                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistukoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistukaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistukaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistukoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttakoon                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistu                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttako                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistua                           :Inf1:                    yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttaessa                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttaman                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumista                       :Inf4:Par:                yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuva                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttava                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuma                          :Cip:Age:                 yksipuolistua
yksipuolistumaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Con:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksipuolistua
yksipuolistunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksipuolistua
yksipuolistuttu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksipuolistua
yksipuolisuus                           :S:Nom:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuutta                         :S:Par:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuudelle                       :S:All:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksille                      :P:All:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuolisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yksipuolisuus
yksipuoluejärjestelmä                   :S:Nom:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmän                  :S:Gen:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmää                  :S:Par:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmässä                :S:Ine:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmästä                :S:Ela:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmään                 :S:Ill:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmällä                :S:Ade:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmältä                :S:Abl:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmälle                :S:All:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmänä                 :S:Ess:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmäksi                :S:Tra:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmättä                :S:Abe:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmät                  :P:Nom:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmien                 :P:Gen:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmäin                 :P:Gen:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmiä                  :P:Par:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmissä                :P:Ine:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmistä                :P:Ela:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmiin                 :P:Ill:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmillä                :P:Ade:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmiltä                :P:Abl:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmille                :P:All:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelminä                 :P:Ess:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmiksi                :P:Tra:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmin                  :P:Ins:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmittä                :P:Abe:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluejärjestelmine                 :P:Kom:                   yksipuoluejärjestelmä
yksipuoluemaa                           :S:Nom:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaan                          :S:Gen:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaata                         :S:Par:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaassa                        :S:Ine:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaasta                        :S:Ela:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaahan                        :S:Ill:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaalla                        :S:Ade:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaalta                        :S:Abl:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaalle                        :S:All:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaana                         :S:Ess:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaatta                        :S:Abe:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaat                          :P:Nom:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaiden                        :P:Gen:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaitten                       :P:Gen:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaita                         :P:Par:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaista                        :P:Ela:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemailla                        :P:Ade:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemailta                        :P:Abl:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaille                        :P:All:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaina                         :P:Ess:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemain                          :P:Ins:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksipuoluemaine                         :P:Kom:                   yksipuoluemaa
yksiraiteinen                           :S:Nom:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteista                           :S:Par:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisella                         :S:Ade:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteiselle                         :S:All:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisena                          :S:Ess:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisia                           :P:Par:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisista                         :P:Ela:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisille                         :P:All:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisina                          :P:Ess:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiraiteisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksiraiteinen
yksiravinteinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteista                         :S:Par:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisella                       :S:Ade:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteiselta                       :S:Abl:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteiselle                       :S:All:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisena                        :S:Ess:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisia                         :P:Par:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisista                       :P:Ela:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisille                       :P:All:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisina                        :P:Ess:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksiravinteinen
yksiravinteisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksiravinteinen
yksirivinen                             :S:Nom:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisen                             :S:Gen:                   yksirivinen
yksirivistä                             :S:Par:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yksirivinen
yksiriviseen                            :S:Ill:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yksirivinen
yksiriviseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yksirivinen
yksiriviselle                           :S:All:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yksirivinen
yksiriviseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yksirivinen
yksiriviset                             :P:Nom:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisten                            :P:Gen:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisin                             :P:Gen:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisiä                             :P:Par:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisille                           :P:All:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisin                             :P:Ins:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksirivinen
yksirivisine                            :P:Kom:                   yksirivinen
yksisarvinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvista                            :S:Par:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarviseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarviselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarviselle                          :S:All:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarviseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarviset                            :P:Nom:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisia                            :P:Par:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisille                          :P:All:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksisarvinen
yksisarvisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksisarvinen
yksiselitteinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteistä                         :S:Par:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteiselle                       :S:All:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisettä                       :S:Abe:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisiä                         :P:Par:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisille                       :P:All:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksiselitteinen
yksiselitteisyys                        :S:Nom:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyden                      :S:Gen:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyttä                      :S:Par:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyydessä                    :S:Ine:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyydestä                    :S:Ela:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyteen                     :S:Ill:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyydellä                    :S:Ade:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyydeltä                    :S:Abl:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyydelle                    :S:All:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyytenä                     :S:Ess:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyydeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyttä                      :S:Abe:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyydet                      :P:Nom:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksien                    :P:Gen:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksiä                     :P:Par:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksissä                   :P:Ine:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksistä                   :P:Ela:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksillä                   :P:Ade:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksiltä                   :P:Abl:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksille                   :P:All:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksinä                    :P:Ess:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksin                     :P:Ins:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksittä                   :P:Abe:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksiselitteisyyksine                    :P:Kom:                   yksiselitteisyys
yksisilmäinen                           :S:Nom:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäistä                           :S:Par:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisessä                         :S:Ine:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisestä                         :S:Ela:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisellä                         :S:Ade:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäiselle                         :S:All:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisenä                          :S:Ess:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisettä                         :S:Abe:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisiä                           :P:Par:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisissä                         :P:Ine:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisistä                         :P:Ela:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisillä                         :P:Ade:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisille                         :P:All:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisinä                          :P:Ess:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisittä                         :P:Abe:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksisilmäinen
yksisilmäisyys                          :S:Nom:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyden                        :S:Gen:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyttä                        :S:Par:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyydessä                      :S:Ine:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyydestä                      :S:Ela:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyteen                       :S:Ill:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyydellä                      :S:Ade:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyydeltä                      :S:Abl:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyydelle                      :S:All:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyytenä                       :S:Ess:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyydeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyttä                        :S:Abe:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyydet                        :P:Nom:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksiä                       :P:Par:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksille                     :P:All:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisilmäisyyksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksisilmäisyys
yksisirkkainen                          :S:Nom:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaista                          :S:Par:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaiselle                        :S:All:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisia                          :P:Par:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisille                        :P:All:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisirkkaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksisirkkainen
yksisoluinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluista                            :S:Par:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluiselle                          :S:All:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisia                            :P:Par:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisille                          :P:All:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksisoluinen
yksisoluisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksisoluinen
yksisuuntainen                          :S:Nom:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaista                          :S:Par:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaiselle                        :S:All:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisia                          :P:Par:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisille                        :P:All:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksisuuntainen
yksisuuntaistan                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaa                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamme                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistatte                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistavat                       :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistetaan                      :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaista                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaisteta                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistin                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistit                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaisti                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistimme                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistitte                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistivat                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettiin                     :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanen                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanet                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanee                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanemme                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanette                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanevat                     :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettaneen                   :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistane                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettane                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisin                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisit                      :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisimme                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisitte                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisivat                    :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettaisiin                  :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaisi                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettaisi                    :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaista                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistakaamme                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistakaa                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistakoot                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettakoon                   :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaista                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistako                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistako                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistako                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistako                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettako                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaa                         :Inf1:                    yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaakseen                    :Inf1:L:                  yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettaessa                   :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaen                        :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamassa                     :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamasta                     :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamaan                      :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamalla                     :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamatta                     :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettaman                    :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaminen                     :Inf4:Nom:                yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamista                     :Inf4:Par:                yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamaisillaan                :Inf5:                    yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistava                        :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettava                     :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistama                        :Cip:Age:                 yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistamaton                     :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Con:Per:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistanut                       :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistaneet                      :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaistettu                       :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksisuuntaistaa
yksisuuntaisuus                         :S:Nom:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuutta                       :S:Par:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuudelle                     :S:All:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksille                    :P:All:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaisuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yksisuuntaisuus
yksisuuntaventtiili                     :S:Nom:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilin                    :S:Gen:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiiliä                    :S:Par:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilissä                  :S:Ine:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilistä                  :S:Ela:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiiliin                   :S:Ill:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilillä                  :S:Ade:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiililtä                  :S:Abl:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilille                  :S:All:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilinä                   :S:Ess:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiiliksi                  :S:Tra:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilittä                  :S:Abe:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilit                    :P:Nom:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilien                   :P:Gen:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileiden                 :P:Gen:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileitten                :P:Gen:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilejä                   :P:Par:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileitä                  :P:Par:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileissä                 :P:Ine:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileistä                 :P:Ela:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileihin                 :P:Ill:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileillä                 :P:Ade:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileiltä                 :P:Abl:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileille                 :P:All:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileinä                  :P:Ess:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiilein                   :P:Ins:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileittä                 :P:Abe:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisuuntaventtiileine                  :P:Kom:                   yksisuuntaventtiili
yksisylinterinen                        :S:Nom:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisen                        :S:Gen:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinteristä                        :S:Par:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisessä                      :S:Ine:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisestä                      :S:Ela:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinteriseen                       :S:Ill:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisellä                      :S:Ade:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinteriseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinteriselle                      :S:All:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisenä                       :S:Ess:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinteriseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisettä                      :S:Abe:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinteriset                        :P:Nom:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinteristen                       :P:Gen:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisin                        :P:Gen:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisiä                        :P:Par:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisissä                      :P:Ine:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisistä                      :P:Ela:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisillä                      :P:Ade:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisille                      :P:All:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisinä                       :P:Ess:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisin                        :P:Ins:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisittä                      :P:Abe:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisylinterisine                       :P:Kom:                   yksisylinterinen
yksisäikeinen                           :S:Nom:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeistä                           :S:Par:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisessä                         :S:Ine:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisestä                         :S:Ela:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisellä                         :S:Ade:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeiselle                         :S:All:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisenä                          :S:Ess:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisettä                         :S:Abe:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisiä                           :P:Par:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisissä                         :P:Ine:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisistä                         :P:Ela:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisillä                         :P:Ade:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisille                         :P:All:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisinä                          :P:Ess:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisittä                         :P:Abe:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäikeisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksisäikeinen
yksisäkeistöinen                        :S:Nom:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisen                        :S:Gen:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöistä                        :S:Par:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisessä                      :S:Ine:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisestä                      :S:Ela:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöiseen                       :S:Ill:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisellä                      :S:Ade:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöiseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöiselle                      :S:All:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisenä                       :S:Ess:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisettä                      :S:Abe:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöiset                        :P:Nom:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisten                       :P:Gen:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisin                        :P:Gen:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisiä                        :P:Par:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisissä                      :P:Ine:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisistä                      :P:Ela:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisillä                      :P:Ade:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisille                      :P:All:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisinä                       :P:Ess:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisin                        :P:Ins:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisittä                      :P:Abe:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksisäkeistöisine                       :P:Kom:                   yksisäkeistöinen
yksitalvinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvista                            :S:Par:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalviseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalviselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalviselle                          :S:All:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalviseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalviset                            :P:Nom:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisia                            :P:Par:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisille                          :P:All:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksitalvinen
yksitalvisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksitalvinen
yksitaso                                :S:Nom:                   yksitaso
yksitason                               :S:Gen:                   yksitaso
yksitasoa                               :S:Par:                   yksitaso
yksitasossa                             :S:Ine:                   yksitaso
yksitasosta                             :S:Ela:                   yksitaso
yksitasoon                              :S:Ill:                   yksitaso
yksitasolla                             :S:Ade:                   yksitaso
yksitasolta                             :S:Abl:                   yksitaso
yksitasolle                             :S:All:                   yksitaso
yksitasona                              :S:Ess:                   yksitaso
yksitasoksi                             :S:Tra:                   yksitaso
yksitasotta                             :S:Abe:                   yksitaso
yksitasot                               :P:Nom:                   yksitaso
yksitasojen                             :P:Gen:                   yksitaso
yksitasoja                              :P:Par:                   yksitaso
yksitasoissa                            :P:Ine:                   yksitaso
yksitasoista                            :P:Ela:                   yksitaso
yksitasoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yksitaso
yksitasoilla                            :P:Ade:                   yksitaso
yksitasoilta                            :P:Abl:                   yksitaso
yksitasoille                            :P:All:                   yksitaso
yksitasoina                             :P:Ess:                   yksitaso
yksitasoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yksitaso
yksitasoin                              :P:Ins:                   yksitaso
yksitasoitta                            :P:Abe:                   yksitaso
yksitasoine                             :P:Kom:                   yksitaso
yksitasoinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoista                            :S:Par:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoiselle                          :S:All:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisia                            :P:Par:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisille                          :P:All:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksitasoinen
yksitasoisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksitasoinen
yksiteräinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräistä                            :S:Par:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisessä                          :S:Ine:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisestä                          :S:Ela:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisellä                          :S:Ade:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräiselle                          :S:All:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisenä                           :S:Ess:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisettä                          :S:Abe:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisiä                            :P:Par:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisille                          :P:All:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksiteräinen
yksiteräisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksiteräinen
yksitoikkoinen                          :S:Nom:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoista                          :S:Par:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoiselle                        :S:All:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisia                          :P:Par:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisille                        :P:All:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksitoikkoinen
yksitoikkoisuus                         :S:Nom:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuutta                       :S:Par:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuudelle                     :S:All:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksille                    :P:All:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoikkoisuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yksitoikkoisuus
yksitoistikko                           :S:Nom:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikon                           :S:Gen:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikkoa                          :S:Par:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikossa                         :S:Ine:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikosta                         :S:Ela:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikkoon                         :S:Ill:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikolla                         :S:Ade:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikolta                         :S:Abl:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikolle                         :S:All:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikkona                         :S:Ess:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikotta                         :S:Abe:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikot                           :P:Nom:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikkojen                        :P:Gen:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoiden                        :P:Gen:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoitten                       :P:Gen:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikkoja                         :P:Par:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoita                         :P:Par:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoista                        :P:Ela:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikkoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoille                        :P:All:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikkoina                        :P:Ess:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoin                          :P:Ins:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksitoistikko
yksitoistikoine                         :P:Kom:                   yksitoistikko
yksitotinen                             :S:Nom:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisen                             :S:Gen:                   yksitotinen
yksitotista                             :S:Par:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yksitotinen
yksitotiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisella                           :S:Ade:                   yksitotinen
yksitotiselta                           :S:Abl:                   yksitotinen
yksitotiselle                           :S:All:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisena                            :S:Ess:                   yksitotinen
yksitotiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yksitotinen
yksitotiset                             :P:Nom:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisten                            :P:Gen:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisin                             :P:Gen:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisia                             :P:Par:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisista                           :P:Ela:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisille                           :P:All:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisina                            :P:Ess:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisin                             :P:Ins:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisine                            :P:Kom:                   yksitotinen
yksitotisuus                            :S:Nom:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuutta                          :S:Par:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuudelle                        :S:All:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksille                       :P:All:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksitotisuus
yksitotisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yksitotisuus
yksittäinen                             :S:Nom:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisen                             :S:Gen:                   yksittäinen
yksittäistä                             :S:Par:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yksittäinen
yksittäiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yksittäinen
yksittäiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yksittäinen
yksittäiselle                           :S:All:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yksittäinen
yksittäiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yksittäinen
yksittäiset                             :P:Nom:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisten                            :P:Gen:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisin                             :P:Gen:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisiä                             :P:Par:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisille                           :P:All:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisin                             :P:Ins:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksittäinen
yksittäisine                            :P:Kom:                   yksittäinen
yksittäispakattu                        :S:Nom:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatun                        :S:Gen:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakattua                       :S:Par:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatussa                      :S:Ine:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatusta                      :S:Ela:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakattuun                      :S:Ill:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatulla                      :S:Ade:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatulta                      :S:Abl:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatulle                      :S:All:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakattuna                      :S:Ess:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatutta                      :S:Abe:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatut                        :P:Nom:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakattujen                     :P:Gen:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakattuja                      :P:Par:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuista                     :P:Ela:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakattuihin                    :P:Ill:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuille                     :P:All:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakattuina                     :P:Ess:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuin                       :P:Ins:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakatuitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäispakattuine                     :P:Kom:                   yksittäispakattu
yksittäistapaus                         :S:Nom:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksen                      :S:Gen:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapausta                       :S:Par:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksessa                    :S:Ine:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksesta                    :S:Ela:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapaukseen                     :S:Ill:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksella                    :S:Ade:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapaukselta                    :S:Abl:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapaukselle                    :S:All:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksena                     :S:Ess:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapaukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksetta                    :S:Abe:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapaukset                      :P:Nom:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapausten                      :P:Gen:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksien                     :P:Gen:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksia                      :P:Par:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksista                    :P:Ela:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksille                    :P:All:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksina                     :P:Ess:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksin                      :P:Ins:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäistapauksine                     :P:Kom:                   yksittäistapaus
yksittäisyys                            :S:Nom:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyden                          :S:Gen:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyttä                          :S:Par:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyydessä                        :S:Ine:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyydestä                        :S:Ela:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyteen                         :S:Ill:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyydellä                        :S:Ade:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyydeltä                        :S:Abl:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyydelle                        :S:All:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyytenä                         :S:Ess:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyydeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyttä                          :S:Abe:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyydet                          :P:Nom:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksien                        :P:Gen:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksiä                         :P:Par:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksille                       :P:All:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksin                         :P:Ins:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksittäisyys
yksittäisyyksine                        :P:Kom:                   yksittäisyys
yksitulkintainen                        :S:Nom:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisen                        :S:Gen:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaista                        :S:Par:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaiseen                       :S:Ill:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisella                      :S:Ade:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaiselta                      :S:Abl:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaiselle                      :S:All:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisena                       :S:Ess:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaiset                        :P:Nom:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisten                       :P:Gen:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisin                        :P:Gen:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisia                        :P:Par:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisista                      :P:Ela:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisille                      :P:All:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisina                       :P:Ess:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisin                        :P:Ins:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksitulkintainen
yksitulkintaisine                       :P:Kom:                   yksitulkintainen
yksituumainen                           :S:Nom:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaista                           :S:Par:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisella                         :S:Ade:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaiselle                         :S:All:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisena                          :S:Ess:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisia                           :P:Par:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisista                         :P:Ela:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisille                         :P:All:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisina                          :P:Ess:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksituumainen
yksituumaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksituumaisuus
yksituumaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksituumaisuus
yksityinen                              :S:Nom:                   yksityinen
yksityisen                              :S:Gen:                   yksityinen
yksityistä                              :S:Par:                   yksityinen
yksityisessä                            :S:Ine:                   yksityinen
yksityisestä                            :S:Ela:                   yksityinen
yksityiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yksityinen
yksityisellä                            :S:Ade:                   yksityinen
yksityiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yksityinen
yksityiselle                            :S:All:                   yksityinen
yksityisenä                             :S:Ess:                   yksityinen
yksityiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yksityinen
yksityisettä                            :S:Abe:                   yksityinen
yksityiset                              :P:Nom:                   yksityinen
yksityisten                             :P:Gen:                   yksityinen
yksityisin                              :P:Gen:                   yksityinen
yksityisiä                              :P:Par:                   yksityinen
yksityisissä                            :P:Ine:                   yksityinen
yksityisistä                            :P:Ela:                   yksityinen
yksityisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yksityinen
yksityisillä                            :P:Ade:                   yksityinen
yksityisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yksityinen
yksityisille                            :P:All:                   yksityinen
yksityisinä                             :P:Ess:                   yksityinen
yksityisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yksityinen
yksityisin                              :P:Ins:                   yksityinen
yksityisittä                            :P:Abe:                   yksityinen
yksityisine                             :P:Kom:                   yksityinen
yksityisajattelija                      :S:Nom:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijan                     :S:Gen:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijaa                     :S:Par:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijassa                   :S:Ine:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijasta                   :S:Ela:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijaan                    :S:Ill:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijalla                   :S:Ade:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijalta                   :S:Abl:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijalle                   :S:All:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijana                    :S:Ess:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijaksi                   :S:Tra:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijatta                   :S:Abe:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijat                     :P:Nom:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoiden                  :P:Gen:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoitten                 :P:Gen:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijain                    :P:Gen:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoita                   :P:Par:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoissa                  :P:Ine:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoista                  :P:Ela:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoihin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoilla                  :P:Ade:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoilta                  :P:Abl:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoille                  :P:All:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoina                   :P:Ess:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoin                    :P:Ins:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoitta                  :P:Abe:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajattelijoine                   :P:Kom:                   yksityisajattelija
yksityisajo                             :S:Nom:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajon                            :S:Gen:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoa                            :S:Par:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajossa                          :S:Ine:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajosta                          :S:Ela:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoon                           :S:Ill:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajolla                          :S:Ade:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajolta                          :S:Abl:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajolle                          :S:All:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajona                           :S:Ess:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajotta                          :S:Abe:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajot                            :P:Nom:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajojen                          :P:Gen:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoja                           :P:Par:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoista                         :P:Ela:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoille                         :P:All:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoina                          :P:Ess:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoin                           :P:Ins:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksityisajo
yksityisajoine                          :P:Kom:                   yksityisajo
yksityisalue                            :S:Nom:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueen                          :S:Gen:                   yksityisalue
yksityisaluetta                         :S:Par:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueeseen                       :S:Ill:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueella                        :S:Ade:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueelta                        :S:Abl:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueelle                        :S:All:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueena                         :S:Ess:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueet                          :P:Nom:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueiden                        :P:Gen:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueitten                       :P:Gen:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueita                         :P:Par:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueista                        :P:Ela:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueille                        :P:All:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueina                         :P:Ess:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityisalue
yksityisaluein                          :P:Ins:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksityisalue
yksityisalueine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityisalue
yksityisasia                            :S:Nom:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasian                           :S:Gen:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiaa                           :S:Par:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiassa                         :S:Ine:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiasta                         :S:Ela:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiaan                          :S:Ill:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasialla                         :S:Ade:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasialta                         :S:Abl:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasialle                         :S:All:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiana                          :S:Ess:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiatta                         :S:Abe:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiat                           :P:Nom:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioiden                        :P:Gen:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioitten                       :P:Gen:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasiain                          :P:Gen:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioita                         :P:Par:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioista                        :P:Ela:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioille                        :P:All:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioina                         :P:Ess:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioin                          :P:Ins:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasioine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityisasia
yksityisasunto                          :S:Nom:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnon                         :S:Gen:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasuntoa                         :S:Par:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnossa                       :S:Ine:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnosta                       :S:Ela:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasuntoon                        :S:Ill:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnolla                       :S:Ade:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnolta                       :S:Abl:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnolle                       :S:All:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasuntona                        :S:Ess:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnotta                       :S:Abe:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnot                         :P:Nom:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasuntojen                       :P:Gen:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasuntoja                        :P:Par:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoista                      :P:Ela:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasuntoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoille                      :P:All:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasuntoina                       :P:Ess:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoin                        :P:Ins:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasunnoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisasuntoine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityisasunto
yksityisauto                            :S:Nom:                   yksityisauto
yksityisauton                           :S:Gen:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoa                           :S:Par:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautossa                         :S:Ine:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautosta                         :S:Ela:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoon                          :S:Ill:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautolla                         :S:Ade:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautolta                         :S:Abl:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautolle                         :S:All:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautona                          :S:Ess:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautotta                         :S:Abe:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautot                           :P:Nom:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautojen                         :P:Gen:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoja                          :P:Par:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoista                        :P:Ela:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoille                        :P:All:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoina                         :P:Ess:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoin                          :P:Ins:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksityisauto
yksityisautoine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityisauto
yksityiselämä                           :S:Nom:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämän                          :S:Gen:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämää                          :S:Par:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämässä                        :S:Ine:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämästä                        :S:Ela:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämään                         :S:Ill:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämällä                        :S:Ade:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämältä                        :S:Abl:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämälle                        :S:All:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämänä                         :S:Ess:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämäksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämättä                        :S:Abe:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämät                          :P:Nom:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämien                         :P:Gen:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämäin                         :P:Gen:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämiä                          :P:Par:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämissä                        :P:Ine:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämistä                        :P:Ela:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämillä                        :P:Ade:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämille                        :P:All:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiseläminä                         :P:Ess:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämin                          :P:Ins:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämittä                        :P:Abe:                   yksityiselämä
yksityiselämine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityiselämä
yksityisetsivä                          :S:Nom:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivän                         :S:Gen:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivää                         :S:Par:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivässä                       :S:Ine:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivästä                       :S:Ela:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivään                        :S:Ill:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivällä                       :S:Ade:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivältä                       :S:Abl:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivälle                       :S:All:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivänä                        :S:Ess:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsiväksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivättä                       :S:Abe:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivät                         :P:Nom:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivien                        :P:Gen:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsiväin                        :P:Gen:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsiviä                         :P:Par:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsiviin                        :P:Ill:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsiviltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsiville                       :P:All:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsiviksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivin                         :P:Ins:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivine                        :P:Kom:                   yksityisetsivä
yksityisetsivätoimisto                  :S:Nom:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimiston                 :S:Gen:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoa                 :S:Par:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistossa               :S:Ine:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistosta               :S:Ela:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoon                :S:Ill:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistolla               :S:Ade:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistolta               :S:Abl:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistolle               :S:All:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistona                :S:Ess:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoksi               :S:Tra:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistotta               :S:Abe:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistot                 :P:Nom:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistojen               :P:Gen:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoiden              :P:Gen:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoitten             :P:Gen:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoja                :P:Par:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoita               :P:Par:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoissa              :P:Ine:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoista              :P:Ela:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoihin              :P:Ill:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoilla              :P:Ade:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoilta              :P:Abl:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoille              :P:All:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoina               :P:Ess:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoiksi              :P:Tra:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoin                :P:Ins:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoitta              :P:Abe:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityisetsivätoimistoine               :P:Kom:                   yksityisetsivätoimisto
yksityishenkilö                         :S:Nom:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilön                        :S:Gen:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöä                        :S:Par:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilössä                      :S:Ine:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöstä                      :S:Ela:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöön                       :S:Ill:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöllä                      :S:Ade:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöltä                      :S:Abl:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilölle                      :S:All:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilönä                       :S:Ess:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöttä                      :S:Abe:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöt                        :P:Nom:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöjen                      :P:Gen:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöiden                     :P:Gen:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöitten                    :P:Gen:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöjä                       :P:Par:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöitä                      :P:Par:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöissä                     :P:Ine:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöistä                     :P:Ela:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöihin                     :P:Ill:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöillä                     :P:Ade:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöille                     :P:All:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöinä                      :P:Ess:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöittä                     :P:Abe:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishenkilöine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityishenkilö
yksityishoitaja                         :S:Nom:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajan                        :S:Gen:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajaa                        :S:Par:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajassa                      :S:Ine:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajasta                      :S:Ela:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajaan                       :S:Ill:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajalla                      :S:Ade:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajalta                      :S:Abl:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajalle                      :S:All:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajana                       :S:Ess:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajatta                      :S:Abe:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajat                        :P:Nom:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajien                       :P:Gen:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajain                       :P:Gen:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajia                        :P:Par:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajista                      :P:Ela:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajille                      :P:All:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajina                       :P:Ess:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajin                        :P:Ins:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishoitajine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityishoitaja
yksityishuone                           :S:Nom:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneen                         :S:Gen:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuonetta                        :S:Par:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneeseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneella                       :S:Ade:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneelta                       :S:Abl:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneelle                       :S:All:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneena                        :S:Ess:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneetta                       :S:Abe:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneet                         :P:Nom:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneiden                       :P:Gen:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneitten                      :P:Gen:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneita                        :P:Par:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneista                       :P:Ela:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneihin                       :P:Ill:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneille                       :P:All:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneina                        :P:Ess:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuonein                         :P:Ins:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksityishuone
yksityishuoneine                        :P:Kom:                   yksityishuone
yksityiskauppa                          :S:Nom:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupan                          :S:Gen:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppaa                         :S:Par:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupassa                        :S:Ine:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupasta                        :S:Ela:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppaan                        :S:Ill:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupalla                        :S:Ade:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupalta                        :S:Abl:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupalle                        :S:All:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppana                        :S:Ess:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupatta                        :S:Abe:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupat                          :P:Nom:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppojen                       :P:Gen:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppain                        :P:Gen:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppoja                        :P:Par:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupoissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupoista                       :P:Ela:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupoilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupoilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupoille                       :P:All:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppoina                       :P:Ess:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupoin                         :P:Ins:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskaupoitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskauppoine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityiskauppa
yksityiskeskustelu                      :S:Nom:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelun                     :S:Gen:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelua                     :S:Par:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelussa                   :S:Ine:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelusta                   :S:Ela:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluun                    :S:Ill:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelulla                   :S:Ade:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelulta                   :S:Abl:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelulle                   :S:All:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluna                    :S:Ess:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluksi                   :S:Tra:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelutta                   :S:Abe:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelut                     :P:Nom:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskustelujen                   :P:Gen:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluiden                  :P:Gen:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluitten                 :P:Gen:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluja                    :P:Par:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluita                   :P:Par:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluissa                  :P:Ine:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluista                  :P:Ela:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluihin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluilla                  :P:Ade:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluilta                  :P:Abl:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluille                  :P:All:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluina                   :P:Ess:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluin                    :P:Ins:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluitta                  :P:Abe:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskeskusteluine                   :P:Kom:                   yksityiskeskustelu
yksityiskirje                           :S:Nom:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeen                         :S:Gen:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjettä                        :S:Par:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeeseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeeltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeelle                       :S:All:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeettä                       :S:Abe:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeet                         :P:Nom:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeiden                       :P:Gen:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeitten                      :P:Gen:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeitä                        :P:Par:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeihin                       :P:Ill:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeille                       :P:All:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjein                         :P:Ins:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeine                        :P:Kom:                   yksityiskirje
yksityiskirjeenvaihto                   :S:Nom:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdon                  :S:Gen:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihtoa                  :S:Par:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdossa                :S:Ine:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdosta                :S:Ela:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihtoon                 :S:Ill:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdolla                :S:Ade:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdolta                :S:Abl:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdolle                :S:All:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihtona                 :S:Ess:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoksi                :S:Tra:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdotta                :S:Abe:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdot                  :P:Nom:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihtojen                :P:Gen:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihtoja                 :P:Par:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoissa               :P:Ine:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoista               :P:Ela:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihtoihin               :P:Ill:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoilla               :P:Ade:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoilta               :P:Abl:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoille               :P:All:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihtoina                :P:Ess:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoiksi               :P:Tra:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoin                 :P:Ins:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihdoitta               :P:Abe:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskirjeenvaihtoine                :P:Kom:                   yksityiskirjeenvaihto
yksityiskohdittain                      :S:Nom:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimman                   :S:Gen:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittainta                    :S:Par:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmassa                 :S:Ine:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmasta                 :S:Ela:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimpaan                  :S:Ill:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmalla                 :S:Ade:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmalta                 :S:Abl:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmalle                 :S:All:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimpana                  :S:Ess:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmaksi                 :S:Tra:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmatta                 :S:Abe:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmat                   :P:Nom:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimpien                  :P:Gen:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittainten                   :P:Gen:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimpain                  :P:Gen:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimpia                   :P:Par:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmissa                 :P:Ine:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmista                 :P:Ela:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimpiin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmilla                 :P:Ade:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmilta                 :P:Abl:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmille                 :P:All:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimpina                  :P:Ess:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmin                   :P:Ins:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimmitta                 :P:Abe:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohdittaimpine                  :P:Kom:                   yksityiskohdittain
yksityiskohta                           :S:Nom:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdan                          :S:Gen:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtaa                          :S:Par:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdassa                        :S:Ine:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdasta                        :S:Ela:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtaan                         :S:Ill:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdalla                        :S:Ade:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdalta                        :S:Abl:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdalle                        :S:All:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtana                         :S:Ess:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdatta                        :S:Abe:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdat                          :P:Nom:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtien                         :P:Gen:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtain                         :P:Gen:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtia                          :P:Par:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdista                        :P:Ela:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdille                        :P:All:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtina                         :P:Ess:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohdin                          :P:Ins:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohditta                        :P:Abe:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityiskohta
yksityiskohtainen                       :S:Nom:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisen                       :S:Gen:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaista                       :S:Par:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaiseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisella                     :S:Ade:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaiselta                     :S:Abl:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaiselle                     :S:All:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisena                      :S:Ess:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaiseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisetta                     :S:Abe:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaiset                       :P:Nom:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisten                      :P:Gen:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisin                       :P:Gen:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisia                       :P:Par:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisista                     :P:Ela:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisille                     :P:All:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisina                      :P:Ess:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityiskohtainen
yksityiskohtaisuus                      :S:Nom:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuden                    :S:Gen:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuutta                    :S:Par:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuudessa                  :S:Ine:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuudesta                  :S:Ela:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuteen                   :S:Ill:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuudella                  :S:Ade:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuudelta                  :S:Abl:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuudelle                  :S:All:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuutena                   :S:Ess:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuudeksi                  :S:Tra:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuutta                    :S:Abe:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuudet                    :P:Nom:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksien                  :P:Gen:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksia                   :P:Par:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksista                 :P:Ela:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksille                 :P:All:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksina                  :P:Ess:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksin                   :P:Ins:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskohtaisuuksine                  :P:Kom:                   yksityiskohtaisuus
yksityiskokoelma                        :S:Nom:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelman                       :S:Gen:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmaa                       :S:Par:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmassa                     :S:Ine:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmasta                     :S:Ela:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmaan                      :S:Ill:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmalla                     :S:Ade:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmalta                     :S:Abl:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmalle                     :S:All:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmana                      :S:Ess:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmatta                     :S:Abe:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmat                       :P:Nom:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmain                      :P:Gen:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmia                       :P:Par:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmista                     :P:Ela:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmille                     :P:All:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmina                      :P:Ess:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskokoelmine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityiskokoelma
yksityiskone                            :S:Nom:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneen                          :S:Gen:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskonetta                         :S:Par:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneeseen                       :S:Ill:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneella                        :S:Ade:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneelta                        :S:Abl:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneelle                        :S:All:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneena                         :S:Ess:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneet                          :P:Nom:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneiden                        :P:Gen:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneitten                       :P:Gen:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneita                         :P:Par:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneista                        :P:Ela:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneille                        :P:All:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneina                         :P:Ess:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskonein                          :P:Ins:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoneine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityiskone
yksityiskoti                            :S:Nom:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodin                           :S:Gen:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskotia                           :S:Par:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodissa                         :S:Ine:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodista                         :S:Ela:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskotiin                          :S:Ill:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodilla                         :S:Ade:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodilta                         :S:Abl:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodille                         :S:All:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskotina                          :S:Ess:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodiksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskoditta                         :S:Abe:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodit                           :P:Nom:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskotien                          :P:Gen:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskoteja                          :P:Par:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodeissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodeista                        :P:Ela:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskoteihin                        :P:Ill:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodeilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodeilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodeille                        :P:All:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskoteina                         :P:Ess:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodein                          :P:Ins:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskodeitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskoteine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityiskoti
yksityiskoulu                           :S:Nom:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoulun                          :S:Gen:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoulua                          :S:Par:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoulussa                        :S:Ine:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoulusta                        :S:Ela:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluun                         :S:Ill:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoululla                        :S:Ade:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoululta                        :S:Abl:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoululle                        :S:All:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluna                         :S:Ess:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoulutta                        :S:Abe:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoulut                          :P:Nom:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskoulujen                        :P:Gen:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluja                         :P:Par:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluista                       :P:Ela:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluihin                       :P:Ill:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluille                       :P:All:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluina                        :P:Ess:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluin                         :P:Ins:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskouluine                        :P:Kom:                   yksityiskoulu
yksityiskäynti                          :S:Nom:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynnin                         :S:Gen:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäyntiä                         :S:Par:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynnissä                       :S:Ine:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynnistä                       :S:Ela:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäyntiin                        :S:Ill:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynnillä                       :S:Ade:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynniltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynnille                       :S:All:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäyntinä                        :S:Ess:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynniksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynnittä                       :S:Abe:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynnit                         :P:Nom:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäyntien                        :P:Gen:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäyntejä                        :P:Par:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynneissä                      :P:Ine:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynneistä                      :P:Ela:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynteihin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynneillä                      :P:Ade:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynneiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynneille                      :P:All:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynteinä                       :P:Ess:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynneiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynnein                        :P:Ins:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynneittä                      :P:Abe:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäynteine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityiskäynti
yksityiskäyttö                          :S:Nom:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytön                          :S:Gen:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäyttöä                         :S:Par:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytössä                        :S:Ine:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöstä                        :S:Ela:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäyttöön                        :S:Ill:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöllä                        :S:Ade:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöltä                        :S:Abl:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytölle                        :S:All:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäyttönä                        :S:Ess:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöttä                        :S:Abe:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöt                          :P:Nom:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäyttöjen                       :P:Gen:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäyttöjä                        :P:Par:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäyttöihin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöille                       :P:All:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäyttöinä                       :P:Ess:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöin                         :P:Ins:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäytöittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityiskäyttöine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityiskäyttö
yksityislentokone                       :S:Nom:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneen                     :S:Gen:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokonetta                    :S:Par:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneessa                   :S:Ine:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneesta                   :S:Ela:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneeseen                  :S:Ill:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneella                   :S:Ade:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneelta                   :S:Abl:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneelle                   :S:All:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneena                    :S:Ess:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneeksi                   :S:Tra:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneetta                   :S:Abe:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneet                     :P:Nom:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneiden                   :P:Gen:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneitten                  :P:Gen:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneita                    :P:Par:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneissa                   :P:Ine:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneista                   :P:Ela:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneisiin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneihin                   :P:Ill:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneilla                   :P:Ade:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneilta                   :P:Abl:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneille                   :P:All:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneina                    :P:Ess:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokonein                     :P:Ins:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneitta                   :P:Abe:                   yksityislentokone
yksityislentokoneine                    :P:Kom:                   yksityislentokone
yksityisliike                           :S:Nom:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeen                        :S:Gen:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikettä                        :S:Par:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeessä                      :S:Ine:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeestä                      :S:Ela:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeeseen                     :S:Ill:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeellä                      :S:Ade:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeeltä                      :S:Abl:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeelle                      :S:All:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeenä                       :S:Ess:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeettä                      :S:Abe:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeet                        :P:Nom:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeiden                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikeitten                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeitä                       :P:Par:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeissä                      :P:Ine:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeistä                      :P:Ela:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeihin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeillä                      :P:Ade:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeille                      :P:All:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeinä                       :P:Ess:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkein                        :P:Ins:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeittä                      :P:Abe:                   yksityisliike
yksityisliikkeine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityisliike
yksityisluonteinen                      :S:Nom:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisen                      :S:Gen:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteista                      :S:Par:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisessa                    :S:Ine:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisesta                    :S:Ela:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteiseen                     :S:Ill:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisella                    :S:Ade:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteiselta                    :S:Abl:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteiselle                    :S:All:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisena                     :S:Ess:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteiseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisetta                    :S:Abe:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteiset                      :P:Nom:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisten                     :P:Gen:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisin                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisia                      :P:Par:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisista                    :P:Ela:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisille                    :P:All:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisina                     :P:Ess:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisin                      :P:Ins:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityisluonteisine                     :P:Kom:                   yksityisluonteinen
yksityislääkäri                         :S:Nom:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärin                        :S:Gen:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäriä                        :S:Par:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärissä                      :S:Ine:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäristä                      :S:Ela:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäriin                       :S:Ill:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärillä                      :S:Ade:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäriltä                      :S:Abl:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärille                      :S:All:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärinä                       :S:Ess:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäriksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärittä                      :S:Abe:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärit                        :P:Nom:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärien                       :P:Gen:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreiden                     :P:Gen:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreitten                    :P:Gen:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärejä                       :P:Par:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreitä                      :P:Par:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreissä                     :P:Ine:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreistä                     :P:Ela:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreihin                     :P:Ill:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreillä                     :P:Ade:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreille                     :P:All:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreinä                      :P:Ess:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkärein                       :P:Ins:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreittä                     :P:Abe:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityislääkäreine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityislääkäri
yksityismaa                             :S:Nom:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaan                            :S:Gen:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaata                           :S:Par:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaassa                          :S:Ine:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaasta                          :S:Ela:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaahan                          :S:Ill:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaalla                          :S:Ade:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaalta                          :S:Abl:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaalle                          :S:All:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaana                           :S:Ess:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaatta                          :S:Abe:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaat                            :P:Nom:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaiden                          :P:Gen:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaitten                         :P:Gen:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaita                           :P:Par:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaista                          :P:Ela:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaihin                          :P:Ill:                   yksityismaa
yksityismailla                          :P:Ade:                   yksityismaa
yksityismailta                          :P:Abl:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaille                          :P:All:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaina                           :P:Ess:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksityismaa
yksityismain                            :P:Ins:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksityismaa
yksityismaine                           :P:Kom:                   yksityismaa
yksityismetsä                           :S:Nom:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsän                          :S:Gen:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsää                          :S:Par:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsässä                        :S:Ine:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsästä                        :S:Ela:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsään                         :S:Ill:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsällä                        :S:Ade:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsältä                        :S:Abl:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsälle                        :S:All:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsänä                         :S:Ess:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsäksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsättä                        :S:Abe:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsät                          :P:Nom:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsien                         :P:Gen:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsäin                         :P:Gen:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsiä                          :P:Par:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsissä                        :P:Ine:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsistä                        :P:Ela:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsillä                        :P:Ade:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsille                        :P:All:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsinä                         :P:Ess:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsin                          :P:Ins:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsittä                        :P:Abe:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityismetsä
yksityismetsänomistaja                  :S:Nom:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajan                 :S:Gen:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajaa                 :S:Par:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajassa               :S:Ine:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajasta               :S:Ela:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajaan                :S:Ill:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajalla               :S:Ade:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajalta               :S:Abl:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajalle               :S:All:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajana                :S:Ess:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajaksi               :S:Tra:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajatta               :S:Abe:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajat                 :P:Nom:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajien                :P:Gen:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajain                :P:Gen:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajia                 :P:Par:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajissa               :P:Ine:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajista               :P:Ela:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajiin                :P:Ill:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajilla               :P:Ade:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajilta               :P:Abl:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajille               :P:All:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajina                :P:Ess:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajiksi               :P:Tra:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajin                 :P:Ins:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajitta               :P:Abe:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsänomistajine                :P:Kom:                   yksityismetsänomistaja
yksityismetsätalous                     :S:Nom:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouden                   :S:Gen:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloutta                   :S:Par:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloudessa                 :S:Ine:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloudesta                 :S:Ela:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouteen                  :S:Ill:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloudella                 :S:Ade:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloudelta                 :S:Abl:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloudelle                 :S:All:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloutena                  :S:Ess:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloudeksi                 :S:Tra:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloutta                   :S:Abe:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätaloudet                   :P:Nom:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksien                 :P:Gen:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksia                  :P:Par:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksissa                :P:Ine:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksista                :P:Ela:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksiin                 :P:Ill:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksilla                :P:Ade:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksilta                :P:Abl:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksille                :P:All:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksina                 :P:Ess:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksiksi                :P:Tra:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksin                  :P:Ins:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksitta                :P:Abe:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityismetsätalouksine                 :P:Kom:                   yksityismetsätalous
yksityisoikeudellinen                   :S:Nom:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisen                   :S:Gen:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellista                   :S:Par:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisessa                 :S:Ine:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisesta                 :S:Ela:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudelliseen                  :S:Ill:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisella                 :S:Ade:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudelliselta                 :S:Abl:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudelliselle                 :S:All:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisena                  :S:Ess:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudelliseksi                 :S:Tra:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisetta                 :S:Abe:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudelliset                   :P:Nom:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisten                  :P:Gen:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisin                   :P:Gen:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisia                   :P:Par:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisissa                 :P:Ine:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisista                 :P:Ela:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisiin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisilla                 :P:Ade:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisilta                 :P:Abl:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisille                 :P:All:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisina                  :P:Ess:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisin                   :P:Ins:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisitta                 :P:Abe:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeudellisine                  :P:Kom:                   yksityisoikeudellinen
yksityisoikeus                          :S:Nom:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuden                        :S:Gen:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeutta                        :S:Par:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeudella                      :S:Ade:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeudelle                      :S:All:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeutena                       :S:Ess:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeutta                        :S:Abe:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeudet                        :P:Nom:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksia                       :P:Par:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksille                     :P:All:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisoikeuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityisoikeus
yksityisolo                             :S:Nom:                   yksityisolot
yksityisolon                            :S:Gen:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloa                            :S:Par:                   yksityisolot
yksityisolossa                          :S:Ine:                   yksityisolot
yksityisolosta                          :S:Ela:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloon                           :S:Ill:                   yksityisolot
yksityisololla                          :S:Ade:                   yksityisolot
yksityisololta                          :S:Abl:                   yksityisolot
yksityisololle                          :S:All:                   yksityisolot
yksityisolona                           :S:Ess:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksityisolot
yksityisolotta                          :S:Abe:                   yksityisolot
yksityisolot                            :P:Nom:                   yksityisolot
yksityisolojen                          :P:Gen:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloja                           :P:Par:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloista                         :P:Ela:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloihin                         :P:Ill:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloille                         :P:All:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloina                          :P:Ess:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloin                           :P:Ins:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksityisolot
yksityisoloine                          :P:Kom:                   yksityisolot
yksityisomaisuus                        :S:Nom:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuden                      :S:Gen:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuutta                      :S:Par:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuudessa                    :S:Ine:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuudesta                    :S:Ela:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuteen                     :S:Ill:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuudella                    :S:Ade:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuudelta                    :S:Abl:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuudelle                    :S:All:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuutena                     :S:Ess:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuudeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuutta                      :S:Abe:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuudet                      :P:Nom:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksia                     :P:Par:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksille                   :P:All:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomaisuuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yksityisomaisuus
yksityisomistus                         :S:Nom:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksen                      :S:Gen:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistusta                       :S:Par:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksessa                    :S:Ine:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksesta                    :S:Ela:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistukseen                     :S:Ill:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksella                    :S:Ade:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistukselta                    :S:Abl:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistukselle                    :S:All:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksena                     :S:Ess:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksetta                    :S:Abe:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistukset                      :P:Nom:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistusten                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksia                      :P:Par:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksille                    :P:All:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisomistuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yksityisomistus
yksityisopettaja                        :S:Nom:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajan                       :S:Gen:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajaa                       :S:Par:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajassa                     :S:Ine:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajasta                     :S:Ela:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajaan                      :S:Ill:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajalla                     :S:Ade:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajalta                     :S:Abl:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajalle                     :S:All:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajana                      :S:Ess:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajatta                     :S:Abe:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajat                       :P:Nom:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajain                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajia                       :P:Par:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajista                     :P:Ela:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajille                     :P:All:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajina                      :P:Ess:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopettajine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityisopettaja
yksityisopetus                          :S:Nom:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksen                       :S:Gen:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetusta                        :S:Par:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetukseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksella                     :S:Ade:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetukselta                     :S:Abl:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetukselle                     :S:All:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksena                      :S:Ess:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetukset                       :P:Nom:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetusten                       :P:Gen:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksia                       :P:Par:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksille                     :P:All:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopetuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityisopetus
yksityisopiskelu                        :S:Nom:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelun                       :S:Gen:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelua                       :S:Par:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelussa                     :S:Ine:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelusta                     :S:Ela:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluun                      :S:Ill:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelulla                     :S:Ade:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelulta                     :S:Abl:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelulle                     :S:All:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluna                      :S:Ess:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelutta                     :S:Abe:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelut                       :P:Nom:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskelujen                     :P:Gen:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluiden                    :P:Gen:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluitten                   :P:Gen:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluja                      :P:Par:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluita                     :P:Par:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluista                    :P:Ela:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluihin                    :P:Ill:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluille                    :P:All:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluina                     :P:Ess:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluin                      :P:Ins:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisopiskeluine                     :P:Kom:                   yksityisopiskelu
yksityisoppilas                         :S:Nom:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaan                        :S:Gen:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilasta                       :S:Par:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaassa                      :S:Ine:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaasta                      :S:Ela:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaaseen                     :S:Ill:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaalla                      :S:Ade:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaalta                      :S:Abl:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaalle                      :S:All:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaana                       :S:Ess:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaatta                      :S:Abe:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaat                        :P:Nom:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaiden                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaitten                     :P:Gen:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaita                       :P:Par:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaista                      :P:Ela:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilailla                      :P:Ade:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilailta                      :P:Abl:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaille                      :P:All:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaina                       :P:Ess:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilain                        :P:Ins:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityisoppilaine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityisoppilas
yksityispotilas                         :S:Nom:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaan                        :S:Gen:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilasta                       :S:Par:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaassa                      :S:Ine:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaasta                      :S:Ela:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaaseen                     :S:Ill:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaalla                      :S:Ade:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaalta                      :S:Abl:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaalle                      :S:All:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaana                       :S:Ess:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaatta                      :S:Abe:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaat                        :P:Nom:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaiden                      :P:Gen:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaitten                     :P:Gen:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaita                       :P:Par:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaista                      :P:Ela:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilailla                      :P:Ade:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilailta                      :P:Abl:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaille                      :P:All:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaina                       :P:Ess:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilain                        :P:Ins:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispotilaine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityispotilas
yksityispraktiikka                      :S:Nom:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikan                      :S:Gen:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikkaa                     :S:Par:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikassa                    :S:Ine:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikasta                    :S:Ela:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikkaan                    :S:Ill:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikalla                    :S:Ade:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikalta                    :S:Abl:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikalle                    :S:All:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikkana                    :S:Ess:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikaksi                    :S:Tra:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikatta                    :S:Abe:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikat                      :P:Nom:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoiden                   :P:Gen:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoitten                  :P:Gen:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikkojen                   :P:Gen:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikkain                    :P:Gen:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoita                    :P:Par:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikkoja                    :P:Par:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoissa                   :P:Ine:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoista                   :P:Ela:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikkoihin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoihin                   :P:Ill:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoilla                   :P:Ade:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoilta                   :P:Abl:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoille                   :P:All:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoina                    :P:Ess:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoin                     :P:Ins:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoitta                   :P:Abe:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispraktiikoine                    :P:Kom:                   yksityispraktiikka
yksityispuhelu                          :S:Nom:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelun                         :S:Gen:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelua                         :S:Par:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelussa                       :S:Ine:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelusta                       :S:Ela:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluun                        :S:Ill:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelulla                       :S:Ade:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelulta                       :S:Abl:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelulle                       :S:All:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluna                        :S:Ess:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelutta                       :S:Abe:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelut                         :P:Nom:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuhelujen                       :P:Gen:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluiden                      :P:Gen:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluitten                     :P:Gen:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluja                        :P:Par:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluita                       :P:Par:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluista                      :P:Ela:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluihin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluille                      :P:All:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluina                       :P:Ess:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluin                        :P:Ins:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityispuheluine                       :P:Kom:                   yksityispuhelu
yksityissairaala                        :S:Nom:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalan                       :S:Gen:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalaa                       :S:Par:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalassa                     :S:Ine:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalasta                     :S:Ela:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalaan                      :S:Ill:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalalla                     :S:Ade:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalalta                     :S:Abl:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalalle                     :S:All:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalana                      :S:Ess:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalatta                     :S:Abe:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalat                       :P:Nom:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloiden                    :P:Gen:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloitten                   :P:Gen:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalojen                     :P:Gen:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaalain                      :P:Gen:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloita                     :P:Par:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloja                      :P:Par:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloissa                    :P:Ine:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloista                    :P:Ela:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloihin                    :P:Ill:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloilla                    :P:Ade:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloilta                    :P:Abl:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloille                    :P:All:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloina                     :P:Ess:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloin                      :P:Ins:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloitta                    :P:Abe:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissairaaloine                     :P:Kom:                   yksityissairaala
yksityissektori                         :S:Nom:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorin                        :S:Gen:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoria                        :S:Par:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorissa                      :S:Ine:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorista                      :S:Ela:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoriin                       :S:Ill:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorilla                      :S:Ade:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorilta                      :S:Abl:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorille                      :S:All:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorina                       :S:Ess:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoriksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoritta                      :S:Abe:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorit                        :P:Nom:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorien                       :P:Gen:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreiden                     :P:Gen:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreitten                    :P:Gen:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreja                       :P:Par:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreita                      :P:Par:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreista                     :P:Ela:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreihin                     :P:Ill:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreille                     :P:All:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreina                      :P:Ess:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektorein                       :P:Ins:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksityissektori
yksityissektoreine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityissektori
yksityissihteeri                        :S:Nom:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerin                       :S:Gen:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteeriä                       :S:Par:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerissä                     :S:Ine:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteeristä                     :S:Ela:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteeriin                      :S:Ill:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerillä                     :S:Ade:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteeriltä                     :S:Abl:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerille                     :S:All:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerinä                      :S:Ess:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteeriksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerittä                     :S:Abe:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerit                       :P:Nom:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereiden                    :P:Gen:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereitten                   :P:Gen:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerejä                      :P:Par:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereitä                     :P:Par:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereissä                    :P:Ine:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereistä                    :P:Ela:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereihin                    :P:Ill:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereillä                    :P:Ade:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereille                    :P:All:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereinä                     :P:Ess:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteerein                      :P:Ins:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereittä                    :P:Abe:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityissihteereine                     :P:Kom:                   yksityissihteeri
yksityistaloudellinen                   :S:Nom:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisen                   :S:Gen:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellista                   :S:Par:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisessa                 :S:Ine:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisesta                 :S:Ela:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudelliseen                  :S:Ill:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisella                 :S:Ade:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudelliselta                 :S:Abl:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudelliselle                 :S:All:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisena                  :S:Ess:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudelliseksi                 :S:Tra:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisetta                 :S:Abe:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudelliset                   :P:Nom:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisten                  :P:Gen:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisin                   :P:Gen:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisia                   :P:Par:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisissa                 :P:Ine:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisista                 :P:Ela:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisiin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisilla                 :P:Ade:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisilta                 :P:Abl:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisille                 :P:All:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisina                  :P:Ess:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisin                   :P:Ins:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisitta                 :P:Abe:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistaloudellisine                  :P:Kom:                   yksityistaloudellinen
yksityistalous                          :S:Nom:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouden                        :S:Gen:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloutta                        :S:Par:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouteen                       :S:Ill:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloudella                      :S:Ade:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloudelle                      :S:All:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloutena                       :S:Ess:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloutta                        :S:Abe:                   yksityistalous
yksityistaloudet                        :P:Nom:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksia                       :P:Par:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksille                     :P:All:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksityistalous
yksityistalouksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityistalous
yksityistapaus                          :S:Nom:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksen                       :S:Gen:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapausta                        :S:Par:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksessa                     :S:Ine:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksesta                     :S:Ela:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapaukseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksella                     :S:Ade:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapaukselta                     :S:Abl:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapaukselle                     :S:All:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksena                      :S:Ess:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapaukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksetta                     :S:Abe:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapaukset                       :P:Nom:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapausten                       :P:Gen:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksia                       :P:Par:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksille                     :P:All:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistapauksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityistapaus
yksityistyö                             :S:Nom:                   yksityistie
yksityistyön                            :S:Gen:                   yksityistie
yksityistyötä                           :S:Par:                   yksityistie
yksityistyössä                          :S:Ine:                   yksityistie
yksityistyöstä                          :S:Ela:                   yksityistie
yksityistyöhön                          :S:Ill:                   yksityistie
yksityistyöllä                          :S:Ade:                   yksityistie
yksityistyöltä                          :S:Abl:                   yksityistie
yksityistyölle                          :S:All:                   yksityistie
yksityistyönä                           :S:Ess:                   yksityistie
yksityistyöksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksityistie
yksityistyöttä                          :S:Abe:                   yksityistie
yksityistyöt                            :P:Nom:                   yksityistie
yksityistöiden                          :P:Gen:                   yksityistie
yksityistöitten                         :P:Gen:                   yksityistie
yksityistöitä                           :P:Par:                   yksityistie
yksityistöissä                          :P:Ine:                   yksityistie
yksityistöistä                          :P:Ela:                   yksityistie
yksityistöihin                          :P:Ill:                   yksityistie
yksityistöillä                          :P:Ade:                   yksityistie
yksityistöiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yksityistie
yksityistöille                          :P:All:                   yksityistie
yksityistöinä                           :P:Ess:                   yksityistie
yksityistöiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksityistie
yksityistöin                            :P:Ins:                   yksityistie
yksityistöittä                          :P:Abe:                   yksityistie
yksityistöine                           :P:Kom:                   yksityistie
yksityistilaisuus                       :S:Nom:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuden                     :S:Gen:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuutta                     :S:Par:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuudessa                   :S:Ine:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuudesta                   :S:Ela:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuteen                    :S:Ill:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuudella                   :S:Ade:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuudelta                   :S:Abl:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuudelle                   :S:All:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuutena                    :S:Ess:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuudeksi                   :S:Tra:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuutta                     :S:Abe:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuudet                     :P:Nom:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksien                   :P:Gen:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksia                    :P:Par:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksista                  :P:Ela:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksille                  :P:All:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksina                   :P:Ess:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksin                    :P:Ins:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistilaisuuksine                   :P:Kom:                   yksityistilaisuus
yksityistunti                           :S:Nom:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnin                          :S:Gen:                   yksityistunti
yksityistuntia                          :S:Par:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnissa                        :S:Ine:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnista                        :S:Ela:                   yksityistunti
yksityistuntiin                         :S:Ill:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnilla                        :S:Ade:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnilta                        :S:Abl:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnille                        :S:All:                   yksityistunti
yksityistuntina                         :S:Ess:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunniksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnitta                        :S:Abe:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnit                          :P:Nom:                   yksityistunti
yksityistuntien                         :P:Gen:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunteja                         :P:Par:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunneissa                       :P:Ine:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunneista                       :P:Ela:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunteihin                       :P:Ill:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunneilla                       :P:Ade:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunneilta                       :P:Abl:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunneille                       :P:All:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunteina                        :P:Ess:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunneiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunnein                         :P:Ins:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunneitta                       :P:Abe:                   yksityistunti
yksityistunteine                        :P:Kom:                   yksityistunti
yksityistyn                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyt                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyy                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistymme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistytte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyvät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistytään                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityisty                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistytä                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityistyin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyi                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyivät                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyttiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityistynen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksityistyä
yksityistynet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistynee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistynemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistynette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistynevät                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyttäneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyttäne                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityistyisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyttäisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyttäisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityisty                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyköön                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistykäämme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistykää                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistykööt                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyttäköön                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityisty                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistykö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyttäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistyä                             :Inf1:                    yksityistyä
yksityistyäkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yksityistyä
yksityistyessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksityistyä
yksityistyttäessä                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksityistyä
yksityistyen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksityistyä
yksityistymässä                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksityistyä
yksityistymästä                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksityistyä
yksityistymään                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksityistyä
yksityistymällä                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksityistyä
yksityistymättä                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksityistyä
yksityistymän                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksityistyä
yksityistyttämän                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksityistyä
yksityistyminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yksityistyä
yksityistymistä                         :Inf4:Par:                yksityistyä
yksityistymäisillään                    :Inf5:                    yksityistyä
yksityistyvä                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksityistyä
yksityistyttävä                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistymä                            :Cip:Age:                 yksityistyä
yksityistymätön                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Con:Per:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksityistyä
yksityistynyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistyneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistyä
yksityistytty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksityistyä
yksityistän                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksityistää
yksityistät                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityistää                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistämme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistätte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistävät                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistetään                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistä                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistetä                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityistin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yksityistää
yksityistit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityisti                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistivät                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityistänen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksityistää
yksityistänet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityistänee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistänemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistänette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistänevät                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistettäneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäne                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistettäne                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityistäisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yksityistää
yksityistäisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistäisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistäisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistäisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistettäisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistettäisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityistä                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityistäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistäkäämme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistäkää                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistäkööt                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistettäköön                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistä                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistettäkö                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistää                             :Inf1:                    yksityistää
yksityistääkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yksityistää
yksityistäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yksityistää
yksityistettäessä                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yksityistää
yksityistäen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yksityistää
yksityistämässä                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yksityistää
yksityistämästä                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yksityistää
yksityistämään                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yksityistää
yksityistämällä                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yksityistää
yksityistämättä                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yksityistää
yksityistämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yksityistää
yksityistettämän                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yksityistää
yksityistäminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yksityistää
yksityistämistä                         :Inf4:Par:                yksityistää
yksityistämäisillään                    :Inf5:                    yksityistää
yksityistävä                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yksityistää
yksityistettävä                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistämä                            :Cip:Age:                 yksityistää
yksityistämätön                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Con:Per:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             yksityistää
yksityistänyt                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistäneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yksityistää
yksityistetty                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yksityistää
yksityisvastaanotto                     :S:Nom:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanoton                     :S:Gen:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanottoa                    :S:Par:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotossa                   :S:Ine:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotosta                   :S:Ela:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanottoon                   :S:Ill:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotolla                   :S:Ade:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotolta                   :S:Abl:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotolle                   :S:All:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanottona                   :S:Ess:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoksi                   :S:Tra:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanototta                   :S:Abe:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotot                     :P:Nom:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanottojen                  :P:Gen:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanottoja                   :P:Par:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoissa                  :P:Ine:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoista                  :P:Ela:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanottoihin                 :P:Ill:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoilla                  :P:Ade:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoilta                  :P:Abl:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoille                  :P:All:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanottoina                  :P:Ess:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoin                    :P:Ins:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanotoitta                  :P:Abe:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisvastaanottoine                  :P:Kom:                   yksityisvastaanotto
yksityisyritteliäisyys                  :S:Nom:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyden                :S:Gen:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyttä                :S:Par:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyydessä              :S:Ine:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyydestä              :S:Ela:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyteen               :S:Ill:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyydellä              :S:Ade:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyydeltä              :S:Abl:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyydelle              :S:All:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyytenä               :S:Ess:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyydeksi              :S:Tra:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyttä                :S:Abe:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyydet                :P:Nom:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksien              :P:Gen:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksiä               :P:Par:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksissä             :P:Ine:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksistä             :P:Ela:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksiin              :P:Ill:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksillä             :P:Ade:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksiltä             :P:Abl:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksille             :P:All:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksinä              :P:Ess:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksiksi             :P:Tra:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksin               :P:Ins:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksittä             :P:Abe:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyritteliäisyyksine              :P:Kom:                   yksityisyritteliäisyys
yksityisyrittäjyys                      :S:Nom:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyden                    :S:Gen:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyttä                    :S:Par:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyydessä                  :S:Ine:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyydestä                  :S:Ela:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyteen                   :S:Ill:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyydellä                  :S:Ade:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyydeltä                  :S:Abl:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyydelle                  :S:All:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyytenä                   :S:Ess:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyydeksi                  :S:Tra:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyttä                    :S:Abe:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyydet                    :P:Nom:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksien                  :P:Gen:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksiä                   :P:Par:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksissä                 :P:Ine:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksistä                 :P:Ela:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksiin                  :P:Ill:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksillä                 :P:Ade:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksiltä                 :P:Abl:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksille                 :P:All:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksinä                  :P:Ess:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksin                   :P:Ins:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksittä                 :P:Abe:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjyyksine                  :P:Kom:                   yksityisyrittäjyys
yksityisyrittäjä                        :S:Nom:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjän                       :S:Gen:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjää                       :S:Par:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjässä                     :S:Ine:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjästä                     :S:Ela:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjään                      :S:Ill:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjällä                     :S:Ade:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjältä                     :S:Abl:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjälle                     :S:All:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjänä                      :S:Ess:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjäksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjättä                     :S:Abe:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjät                       :P:Nom:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjäin                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjiä                       :P:Par:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjissä                     :P:Ine:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjistä                     :P:Ela:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjillä                     :P:Ade:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjille                     :P:All:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjinä                      :P:Ess:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjittä                     :P:Abe:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyrittäjine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityisyrittäjä
yksityisyritys                          :S:Nom:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksen                       :S:Gen:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyritystä                        :S:Par:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksessä                     :S:Ine:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksestä                     :S:Ela:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyritykseen                      :S:Ill:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksellä                     :S:Ade:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyritykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyritykselle                     :S:All:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksenä                      :S:Ess:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyritykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksettä                     :S:Abe:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyritykset                       :P:Nom:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyritysten                       :P:Gen:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksiä                       :P:Par:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksille                     :P:All:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyrityksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksityisyritys
yksityisyys                             :S:Nom:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyden                           :S:Gen:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyttä                           :S:Par:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyydessä                         :S:Ine:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyydestä                         :S:Ela:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyteen                          :S:Ill:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyydellä                         :S:Ade:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyydeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyydelle                         :S:All:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyytenä                          :S:Ess:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyydeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyttä                           :S:Abe:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyydet                           :P:Nom:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksien                         :P:Gen:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksiä                          :P:Par:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksille                        :P:All:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksin                          :P:Ins:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yksityisyys
yksityisyyksine                         :P:Kom:                   yksityisyys
yksiulotteinen                          :S:Nom:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisen                          :S:Gen:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteista                          :S:Par:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisella                        :S:Ade:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteiselle                        :S:All:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisena                         :S:Ess:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteiset                          :P:Nom:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisten                         :P:Gen:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisin                          :P:Gen:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisia                          :P:Par:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisista                        :P:Ela:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisille                        :P:All:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisina                         :P:Ess:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisin                          :P:Ins:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yksiulotteinen
yksiulotteisine                         :P:Kom:                   yksiulotteinen
yksivaiheinen                           :S:Nom:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheista                           :S:Par:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisella                         :S:Ade:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheiselle                         :S:All:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisena                          :S:Ess:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisia                           :P:Par:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisista                         :P:Ela:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisille                         :P:All:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisina                          :P:Ess:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaiheisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksivaiheinen
yksivaihevirta                          :S:Nom:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirran                         :S:Gen:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtaa                         :S:Par:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirrassa                       :S:Ine:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirrasta                       :S:Ela:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtaan                        :S:Ill:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirralla                       :S:Ade:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirralta                       :S:Abl:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirralle                       :S:All:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtana                        :S:Ess:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirraksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirratta                       :S:Abe:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirrat                         :P:Nom:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtojen                       :P:Gen:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtain                        :P:Gen:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtoja                        :P:Par:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirroissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirroista                      :P:Ela:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirroilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirroilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirroille                      :P:All:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtoina                       :P:Ess:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirroiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirroin                        :P:Ins:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirroitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaihevirtoine                       :P:Kom:                   yksivaihevirta
yksivaimoinen                           :S:Nom:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoista                           :S:Par:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisella                         :S:Ade:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoiselle                         :S:All:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisena                          :S:Ess:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisia                           :P:Par:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisista                         :P:Ela:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisille                         :P:All:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisina                          :P:Ess:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksivaimoinen
yksivaimoisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivaimoisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksivaimoisuus
yksivakaa                               :S:Nom:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaan                              :S:Gen:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaata                             :S:Par:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaassa                            :S:Ine:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaasta                            :S:Ela:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaaseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaalla                            :S:Ade:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaalta                            :S:Abl:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaalle                            :S:All:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaana                             :S:Ess:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaatta                            :S:Abe:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaat                              :P:Nom:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaiden                            :P:Gen:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaitten                           :P:Gen:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaita                             :P:Par:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaissa                            :P:Ine:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaista                            :P:Ela:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaihin                            :P:Ill:                   yksivakaa
yksivakailla                            :P:Ade:                   yksivakaa
yksivakailta                            :P:Abl:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaille                            :P:All:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaina                             :P:Ess:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yksivakaa
yksivakain                              :P:Ins:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaitta                            :P:Abe:                   yksivakaa
yksivakaine                             :P:Kom:                   yksivakaa
yksivakainen                            :S:Nom:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaista                            :S:Par:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaiselle                          :S:All:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisia                            :P:Par:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisille                          :P:All:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksivakainen
yksivakaisuus                           :S:Nom:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuutta                         :S:Par:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuudelle                       :S:All:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksille                      :P:All:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivakaisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yksivakaisuus
yksivartinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksivartinen
yksivartista                            :S:Par:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksivartinen
yksivartiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksivartinen
yksivartiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksivartinen
yksivartiselle                          :S:All:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksivartinen
yksivartiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksivartinen
yksivartiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisia                            :P:Par:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisille                          :P:All:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksivartinen
yksivartisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksivartinen
yksiviivainen                           :S:Nom:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisen                           :S:Gen:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaista                           :S:Par:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisella                         :S:Ade:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaiselle                         :S:All:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisena                          :S:Ess:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaiset                           :P:Nom:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisten                          :P:Gen:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisin                           :P:Gen:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisia                           :P:Par:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisista                         :P:Ela:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisille                         :P:All:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisina                          :P:Ess:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisin                           :P:Ins:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisine                          :P:Kom:                   yksiviivainen
yksiviivaisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksiviivaisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yksiviivaisuus
yksivuotias                             :S:Nom:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaan                            :S:Gen:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiasta                           :S:Par:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaassa                          :S:Ine:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaasta                          :S:Ela:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaaseen                         :S:Ill:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaalla                          :S:Ade:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaalta                          :S:Abl:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaalle                          :S:All:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaana                           :S:Ess:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaatta                          :S:Abe:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaat                            :P:Nom:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaiden                          :P:Gen:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaitten                         :P:Gen:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaita                           :P:Par:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaista                          :P:Ela:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiailla                          :P:Ade:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiailta                          :P:Abl:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaille                          :P:All:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaina                           :P:Ess:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiain                            :P:Ins:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotiaine                           :P:Kom:                   yksivuotias
yksivuotinen                            :S:Nom:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisen                            :S:Gen:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotista                            :S:Par:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisessa                          :S:Ine:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisesta                          :S:Ela:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotiseen                           :S:Ill:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisella                          :S:Ade:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotiselta                          :S:Abl:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotiselle                          :S:All:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisena                           :S:Ess:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisetta                          :S:Abe:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotiset                            :P:Nom:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisten                           :P:Gen:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisin                            :P:Gen:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisia                            :P:Par:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisissa                          :P:Ine:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisista                          :P:Ela:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisilla                          :P:Ade:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisilta                          :P:Abl:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisille                          :P:All:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisina                           :P:Ess:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisin                            :P:Ins:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisitta                          :P:Abe:                   yksivuotinen
yksivuotisine                           :P:Kom:                   yksivuotinen
yksivärinen                             :S:Nom:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisen                             :S:Gen:                   yksivärinen
yksiväristä                             :S:Par:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yksivärinen
yksiväriseen                            :S:Ill:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yksivärinen
yksiväriseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yksivärinen
yksiväriselle                           :S:All:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yksivärinen
yksiväriseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yksivärinen
yksiväriset                             :P:Nom:                   yksivärinen
yksiväristen                            :P:Gen:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisin                             :P:Gen:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisiä                             :P:Par:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisille                           :P:All:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisin                             :P:Ins:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksivärinen
yksivärisine                            :P:Kom:                   yksivärinen
yksiväripainatus                        :S:Nom:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksen                     :S:Gen:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatusta                      :S:Par:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksessa                   :S:Ine:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksesta                   :S:Ela:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatukseen                    :S:Ill:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksella                   :S:Ade:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatukselta                   :S:Abl:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatukselle                   :S:All:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksena                    :S:Ess:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatukseksi                   :S:Tra:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksetta                   :S:Abe:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatukset                     :P:Nom:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatusten                     :P:Gen:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksia                     :P:Par:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksille                   :P:All:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiväripainatuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yksiväripainatus
yksiymmärteinen                         :S:Nom:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisen                         :S:Gen:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteistä                         :S:Par:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisessä                       :S:Ine:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisestä                       :S:Ela:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisellä                       :S:Ade:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteiseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteiselle                       :S:All:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisenä                        :S:Ess:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisettä                       :S:Abe:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteiset                         :P:Nom:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisten                        :P:Gen:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisin                         :P:Gen:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisiä                         :P:Par:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisissä                       :P:Ine:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisistä                       :P:Ela:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisillä                       :P:Ade:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisille                       :P:All:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisinä                        :P:Ess:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisin                         :P:Ins:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisittä                       :P:Abe:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiymmärteisine                        :P:Kom:                   yksiymmärteinen
yksiääninen                             :S:Nom:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisen                             :S:Gen:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänistä                             :S:Par:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yksiääninen
yksiääniseen                            :S:Ill:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yksiääninen
yksiääniseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yksiääninen
yksiääniselle                           :S:All:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yksiääninen
yksiääniseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yksiääninen
yksiääniset                             :P:Nom:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisten                            :P:Gen:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisin                             :P:Gen:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisiä                             :P:Par:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisille                           :P:All:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisin                             :P:Ins:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yksiääninen
yksiäänisine                            :P:Kom:                   yksiääninen
yksiö                                   :S:Nom:                   yksiö
yksiön                                  :S:Gen:                   yksiö
yksiötä                                 :S:Par:                   yksiö
yksiössä                                :S:Ine:                   yksiö
yksiöstä                                :S:Ela:                   yksiö
yksiöön                                 :S:Ill:                   yksiö
yksiöllä                                :S:Ade:                   yksiö
yksiöltä                                :S:Abl:                   yksiö
yksiölle                                :S:All:                   yksiö
yksiönä                                 :S:Ess:                   yksiö
yksiöksi                                :S:Tra:                   yksiö
yksiöttä                                :S:Abe:                   yksiö
yksiöt                                  :P:Nom:                   yksiö
yksiöiden                               :P:Gen:                   yksiö
yksiöitten                              :P:Gen:                   yksiö
yksiöitä                                :P:Par:                   yksiö
yksiöissä                               :P:Ine:                   yksiö
yksiöistä                               :P:Ela:                   yksiö
yksiöihin                               :P:Ill:                   yksiö
yksiöillä                               :P:Ade:                   yksiö
yksiöiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yksiö
yksiöille                               :P:All:                   yksiö
yksiöinä                                :P:Ess:                   yksiö
yksiöiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yksiö
yksiöin                                 :P:Ins:                   yksiö
yksiöittä                               :P:Abe:                   yksiö
yksiöine                                :P:Kom:                   yksiö
yksiöinen                               :S:Nom:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisen                               :S:Gen:                   yksiöinen
yksiöistä                               :S:Par:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisessä                             :S:Ine:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisestä                             :S:Ela:                   yksiöinen
yksiöiseen                              :S:Ill:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisellä                             :S:Ade:                   yksiöinen
yksiöiseltä                             :S:Abl:                   yksiöinen
yksiöiselle                             :S:All:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisenä                              :S:Ess:                   yksiöinen
yksiöiseksi                             :S:Tra:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisettä                             :S:Abe:                   yksiöinen
yksiöiset                               :P:Nom:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisten                              :P:Gen:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisin                               :P:Gen:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisiä                               :P:Par:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisissä                             :P:Ine:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisistä                             :P:Ela:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisiin                              :P:Ill:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisillä                             :P:Ade:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisille                             :P:All:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisinä                              :P:Ess:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisin                               :P:Ins:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisittä                             :P:Abe:                   yksiöinen
yksiöisine                              :P:Kom:                   yksiöinen
yleinen                                 :S:Nom:                   yleinen
yleisen                                 :S:Gen:                   yleinen
yleistä                                 :S:Par:                   yleinen
yleisessä                               :S:Ine:                   yleinen
yleisestä                               :S:Ela:                   yleinen
yleiseen                                :S:Ill:                   yleinen
yleisellä                               :S:Ade:                   yleinen
yleiseltä                               :S:Abl:                   yleinen
yleiselle                               :S:All:                   yleinen
yleisenä                                :S:Ess:                   yleinen
yleiseksi                               :S:Tra:                   yleinen
yleisettä                               :S:Abe:                   yleinen
yleiset                                 :P:Nom:                   yleinen
yleisten                                :P:Gen:                   yleinen
yleisin                                 :P:Gen:                   yleinen
yleisiä                                 :P:Par:                   yleinen
yleisissä                               :P:Ine:                   yleinen
yleisistä                               :P:Ela:                   yleinen
yleisiin                                :P:Ill:                   yleinen
yleisillä                               :P:Ade:                   yleinen
yleisiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yleinen
yleisille                               :P:All:                   yleinen
yleisinä                                :P:Ess:                   yleinen
yleisiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yleinen
yleisin                                 :P:Ins:                   yleinen
yleisittä                               :P:Abe:                   yleinen
yleisine                                :P:Kom:                   yleinen
yleisaika                               :S:Nom:                   yleisaika
yleisajan                               :S:Gen:                   yleisaika
yleisaikaa                              :S:Par:                   yleisaika
yleisajassa                             :S:Ine:                   yleisaika
yleisajasta                             :S:Ela:                   yleisaika
yleisaikaan                             :S:Ill:                   yleisaika
yleisajalla                             :S:Ade:                   yleisaika
yleisajalta                             :S:Abl:                   yleisaika
yleisajalle                             :S:All:                   yleisaika
yleisaikana                             :S:Ess:                   yleisaika
yleisajaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yleisaika
yleisajatta                             :S:Abe:                   yleisaika
yleisajat                               :P:Nom:                   yleisaika
yleisaikojen                            :P:Gen:                   yleisaika
yleisaikain                             :P:Gen:                   yleisaika
yleisaikoja                             :P:Par:                   yleisaika
yleisajoissa                            :P:Ine:                   yleisaika
yleisajoista                            :P:Ela:                   yleisaika
yleisaikoihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleisaika
yleisajoilla                            :P:Ade:                   yleisaika
yleisajoilta                            :P:Abl:                   yleisaika
yleisajoille                            :P:All:                   yleisaika
yleisaikoina                            :P:Ess:                   yleisaika
yleisajoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yleisaika
yleisajoin                              :P:Ins:                   yleisaika
yleisajoitta                            :P:Abe:                   yleisaika
yleisaikoine                            :P:Kom:                   yleisaika
yleisarvio                              :S:Nom:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvion                             :S:Gen:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviota                            :S:Par:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviossa                           :S:Ine:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviosta                           :S:Ela:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioon                            :S:Ill:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviolla                           :S:Ade:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviolta                           :S:Abl:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviolle                           :S:All:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviona                            :S:Ess:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviotta                           :S:Abe:                   yleisarvio
yleisarviot                             :P:Nom:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioiden                          :P:Gen:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioitten                         :P:Gen:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioita                           :P:Par:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioista                          :P:Ela:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioille                          :P:All:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioina                           :P:Ess:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioin                            :P:Ins:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvioine                           :P:Kom:                   yleisarvio
yleisarvosana                           :S:Nom:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanan                          :S:Gen:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanaa                          :S:Par:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanassa                        :S:Ine:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanasta                        :S:Ela:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanaan                         :S:Ill:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanalla                        :S:Ade:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanalta                        :S:Abl:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanalle                        :S:All:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanana                         :S:Ess:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanatta                        :S:Abe:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanat                          :P:Nom:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanojen                        :P:Gen:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanain                         :P:Gen:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoja                         :P:Par:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoista                       :P:Ela:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoille                       :P:All:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoina                        :P:Ess:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoin                         :P:Ins:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleisarvosana
yleisarvosanoine                        :P:Kom:                   yleisarvosana
yleisavain                              :S:Nom:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimen                            :S:Gen:                   yleisavain
yleisavainta                            :S:Par:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimessa                          :S:Ine:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimesta                          :S:Ela:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimeen                           :S:Ill:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimella                          :S:Ade:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimelta                          :S:Abl:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimelle                          :S:All:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimena                           :S:Ess:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimetta                          :S:Abe:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimet                            :P:Nom:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimien                           :P:Gen:                   yleisavain
yleisavainten                           :P:Gen:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimia                            :P:Par:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimista                          :P:Ela:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimiin                           :P:Ill:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimille                          :P:All:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimina                           :P:Ess:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimin                            :P:Ins:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleisavain
yleisavaimine                           :P:Kom:                   yleisavain
yleisesikunta                           :S:Nom:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnan                          :S:Gen:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntaa                          :S:Par:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnassa                        :S:Ine:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnasta                        :S:Ela:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntaan                         :S:Ill:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnalla                        :S:Ade:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnalta                        :S:Abl:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnalle                        :S:All:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntana                         :S:Ess:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnatta                        :S:Abe:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnat                          :P:Nom:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntien                         :P:Gen:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntain                         :P:Gen:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntia                          :P:Par:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnissa                        :P:Ine:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnista                        :P:Ela:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntiin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnilla                        :P:Ade:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnilta                        :P:Abl:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnille                        :P:All:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntina                         :P:Ess:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunniksi                        :P:Tra:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnin                          :P:Ins:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikunnitta                        :P:Abe:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntine                         :P:Kom:                   yleisesikunta
yleisesikuntaupseeri                    :S:Nom:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerin                   :S:Gen:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseeria                   :S:Par:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerissa                 :S:Ine:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerista                 :S:Ela:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseeriin                  :S:Ill:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerilla                 :S:Ade:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerilta                 :S:Abl:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerille                 :S:All:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerina                  :S:Ess:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseeriksi                 :S:Tra:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseeritta                 :S:Abe:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerit                   :P:Nom:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerien                  :P:Gen:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereiden                :P:Gen:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereitten               :P:Gen:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereja                  :P:Par:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereita                 :P:Par:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereissa                :P:Ine:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereista                :P:Ela:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereihin                :P:Ill:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereilla                :P:Ade:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereilta                :P:Abl:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereille                :P:All:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereina                 :P:Ess:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereiksi                :P:Tra:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseerein                  :P:Ins:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereitta                :P:Abe:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesikuntaupseereine                 :P:Kom:                   yleisesikuntaupseeri
yleisesitys                             :S:Nom:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksen                          :S:Gen:                   yleisesitys
yleisesitystä                           :S:Par:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksessä                        :S:Ine:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksestä                        :S:Ela:                   yleisesitys
yleisesitykseen                         :S:Ill:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksellä                        :S:Ade:                   yleisesitys
yleisesitykseltä                        :S:Abl:                   yleisesitys
yleisesitykselle                        :S:All:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksenä                         :S:Ess:                   yleisesitys
yleisesitykseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksettä                        :S:Abe:                   yleisesitys
yleisesitykset                          :P:Nom:                   yleisesitys
yleisesitysten                          :P:Gen:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksien                         :P:Gen:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksiä                          :P:Par:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksille                        :P:All:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksin                          :P:Ins:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yleisesitys
yleisesityksine                         :P:Kom:                   yleisesitys
yleiseurooppalainen                     :S:Nom:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisen                     :S:Gen:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaista                     :S:Par:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisessa                   :S:Ine:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisesta                   :S:Ela:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaiseen                    :S:Ill:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisella                   :S:Ade:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaiselta                   :S:Abl:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaiselle                   :S:All:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisena                    :S:Ess:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaiseksi                   :S:Tra:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisetta                   :S:Abe:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaiset                     :P:Nom:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisten                    :P:Gen:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisin                     :P:Gen:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisia                     :P:Par:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisissa                   :P:Ine:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisista                   :P:Ela:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisiin                    :P:Ill:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisilla                   :P:Ade:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisilta                   :P:Abl:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisille                   :P:All:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisina                    :P:Ess:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisin                     :P:Ins:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisitta                   :P:Abe:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleiseurooppalaisine                    :P:Kom:                   yleiseurooppalainen
yleishavainto                           :S:Nom:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnon                          :S:Gen:                   yleishavainto
yleishavaintoa                          :S:Par:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnossa                        :S:Ine:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnosta                        :S:Ela:                   yleishavainto
yleishavaintoon                         :S:Ill:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnolla                        :S:Ade:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnolta                        :S:Abl:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnolle                        :S:All:                   yleishavainto
yleishavaintona                         :S:Ess:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnotta                        :S:Abe:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnot                          :P:Nom:                   yleishavainto
yleishavaintojen                        :P:Gen:                   yleishavainto
yleishavaintoja                         :P:Par:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoista                       :P:Ela:                   yleishavainto
yleishavaintoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoille                       :P:All:                   yleishavainto
yleishavaintoina                        :P:Ess:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoin                         :P:Ins:                   yleishavainto
yleishavainnoitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleishavainto
yleishavaintoine                        :P:Kom:                   yleishavainto
yleishyödyllinen                        :S:Nom:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisen                        :S:Gen:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllistä                        :S:Par:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisessä                      :S:Ine:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisestä                      :S:Ela:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödylliseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisellä                      :S:Ade:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödylliseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödylliselle                      :S:All:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisenä                       :S:Ess:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödylliseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisettä                      :S:Abe:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödylliset                        :P:Nom:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisten                       :P:Gen:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisin                        :P:Gen:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisiä                        :P:Par:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisissä                      :P:Ine:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisistä                      :P:Ela:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisillä                      :P:Ade:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisille                      :P:All:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisinä                       :P:Ess:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisin                        :P:Ins:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisittä                      :P:Abe:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyödyllisine                       :P:Kom:                   yleishyödyllinen
yleishyökkäys                           :S:Nom:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksen                        :S:Gen:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäystä                         :S:Par:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäykseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäykselle                      :S:All:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäykset                        :P:Nom:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäysten                        :P:Gen:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksille                      :P:All:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yleishyökkäys
yleishyökkäyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yleishyökkäys
yleisilme                               :S:Nom:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeen                             :S:Gen:                   yleisilme
yleisilmettä                            :S:Par:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeessä                           :S:Ine:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeestä                           :S:Ela:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeeseen                          :S:Ill:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeellä                           :S:Ade:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeeltä                           :S:Abl:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeelle                           :S:All:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeenä                            :S:Ess:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeettä                           :S:Abe:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeet                             :P:Nom:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeiden                           :P:Gen:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeitten                          :P:Gen:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeitä                            :P:Par:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeissä                           :P:Ine:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeistä                           :P:Ela:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeillä                           :P:Ade:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeille                           :P:All:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeinä                            :P:Ess:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleisilme
yleisilmein                             :P:Ins:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeittä                           :P:Abe:                   yleisilme
yleisilmeine                            :P:Kom:                   yleisilme
yleisinhimillinen                       :S:Nom:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisen                       :S:Gen:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillistä                       :S:Par:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisessä                     :S:Ine:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisestä                     :S:Ela:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimilliseen                      :S:Ill:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisellä                     :S:Ade:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimilliseltä                     :S:Abl:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimilliselle                     :S:All:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisenä                      :S:Ess:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimilliseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisettä                     :S:Abe:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimilliset                       :P:Nom:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisten                      :P:Gen:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisin                       :P:Gen:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisiä                       :P:Par:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisissä                     :P:Ine:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisistä                     :P:Ela:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisillä                     :P:Ade:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisille                     :P:All:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisinä                      :P:Ess:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisin                       :P:Ins:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisittä                     :P:Abe:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisinhimillisine                      :P:Kom:                   yleisinhimillinen
yleisistunto                            :S:Nom:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnon                           :S:Gen:                   yleisistunto
yleisistuntoa                           :S:Par:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnossa                         :S:Ine:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnosta                         :S:Ela:                   yleisistunto
yleisistuntoon                          :S:Ill:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnolla                         :S:Ade:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnolta                         :S:Abl:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnolle                         :S:All:                   yleisistunto
yleisistuntona                          :S:Ess:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnotta                         :S:Abe:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnot                           :P:Nom:                   yleisistunto
yleisistuntojen                         :P:Gen:                   yleisistunto
yleisistuntoja                          :P:Par:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoista                        :P:Ela:                   yleisistunto
yleisistuntoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoille                        :P:All:                   yleisistunto
yleisistuntoina                         :P:Ess:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoin                          :P:Ins:                   yleisistunto
yleisistunnoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yleisistunto
yleisistuntoine                         :P:Kom:                   yleisistunto
yleiskaava                              :S:Nom:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavan                             :S:Gen:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavaa                             :S:Par:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavassa                           :S:Ine:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavasta                           :S:Ela:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavaan                            :S:Ill:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavalla                           :S:Ade:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavalta                           :S:Abl:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavalle                           :S:All:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavana                            :S:Ess:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavatta                           :S:Abe:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavat                             :P:Nom:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavojen                           :P:Gen:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavain                            :P:Gen:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoja                            :P:Par:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoista                          :P:Ela:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoille                          :P:All:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoina                           :P:Ess:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoin                            :P:Ins:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleiskaava
yleiskaavoine                           :P:Kom:                   yleiskaava
yleiskartta                             :S:Nom:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartan                             :S:Gen:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttaa                            :S:Par:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartassa                           :S:Ine:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartasta                           :S:Ela:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttaan                           :S:Ill:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartalla                           :S:Ade:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartalta                           :S:Abl:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartalle                           :S:All:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttana                           :S:Ess:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartatta                           :S:Abe:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartat                             :P:Nom:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttojen                          :P:Gen:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttain                           :P:Gen:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttoja                           :P:Par:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartoista                          :P:Ela:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartoille                          :P:All:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttoina                          :P:Ess:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartoin                            :P:Ins:                   yleiskartta
yleiskartoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleiskartta
yleiskarttoine                          :P:Kom:                   yleiskartta
yleiskatsaus                            :S:Nom:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksen                         :S:Gen:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsausta                          :S:Par:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsaukseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksella                       :S:Ade:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsaukselta                       :S:Abl:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsaukselle                       :S:All:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksena                        :S:Ess:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsaukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsaukset                         :P:Nom:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsausten                         :P:Gen:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksien                        :P:Gen:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksia                         :P:Par:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksista                       :P:Ela:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksille                       :P:All:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksina                        :P:Ess:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksin                         :P:Ins:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskatsauksine                        :P:Kom:                   yleiskatsaus
yleiskeskustelu                         :S:Nom:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelun                        :S:Gen:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelua                        :S:Par:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelussa                      :S:Ine:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelusta                      :S:Ela:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluun                       :S:Ill:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelulla                      :S:Ade:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelulta                      :S:Abl:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelulle                      :S:All:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluna                       :S:Ess:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelutta                      :S:Abe:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelut                        :P:Nom:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskustelujen                      :P:Gen:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluiden                     :P:Gen:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluitten                    :P:Gen:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluja                       :P:Par:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluita                      :P:Par:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluissa                     :P:Ine:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluista                     :P:Ela:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluihin                     :P:Ill:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluilla                     :P:Ade:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluilta                     :P:Abl:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluille                     :P:All:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluina                      :P:Ess:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluin                       :P:Ins:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluitta                     :P:Abe:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskeskusteluine                      :P:Kom:                   yleiskeskustelu
yleiskieli                              :S:Nom:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielen                             :S:Gen:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieltä                             :S:Par:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielessä                           :S:Ine:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielestä                           :S:Ela:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieleen                            :S:Ill:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielellä                           :S:Ade:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieleltä                           :S:Abl:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielelle                           :S:All:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielenä                            :S:Ess:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieleksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielettä                           :S:Abe:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielet                             :P:Nom:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielten                            :P:Gen:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielien                            :P:Gen:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieliä                             :P:Par:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielissä                           :P:Ine:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielistä                           :P:Ela:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieliin                            :P:Ill:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielillä                           :P:Ade:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieliltä                           :P:Abl:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielille                           :P:All:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielinä                            :P:Ess:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieliksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielin                             :P:Ins:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielittä                           :P:Abe:                   yleiskieli
yleiskieline                            :P:Kom:                   yleiskieli
yleiskielinen                           :S:Nom:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisen                           :S:Gen:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielistä                           :S:Par:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisessä                         :S:Ine:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisestä                         :S:Ela:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskieliseen                          :S:Ill:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisellä                         :S:Ade:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskieliseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskieliselle                         :S:All:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisenä                          :S:Ess:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskieliseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisettä                         :S:Abe:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskieliset                           :P:Nom:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisten                          :P:Gen:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisin                           :P:Gen:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisiä                           :P:Par:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisissä                         :P:Ine:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisistä                         :P:Ela:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisillä                         :P:Ade:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisille                         :P:All:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisinä                          :P:Ess:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisin                           :P:Ins:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisittä                         :P:Abe:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskielisine                          :P:Kom:                   yleiskielinen
yleiskirje                              :S:Nom:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeen                            :S:Gen:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjettä                           :S:Par:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeessä                          :S:Ine:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeestä                          :S:Ela:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeeseen                         :S:Ill:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeellä                          :S:Ade:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeeltä                          :S:Abl:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeelle                          :S:All:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeenä                           :S:Ess:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeettä                          :S:Abe:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeet                            :P:Nom:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeiden                          :P:Gen:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeitten                         :P:Gen:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeitä                           :P:Par:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeissä                          :P:Ine:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeistä                          :P:Ela:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeillä                          :P:Ade:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeille                          :P:All:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeinä                           :P:Ess:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjein                            :P:Ins:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeittä                          :P:Abe:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirjeine                           :P:Kom:                   yleiskirje
yleiskirkollinen                        :S:Nom:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisen                        :S:Gen:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollista                        :S:Par:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkolliseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisella                      :S:Ade:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkolliselta                      :S:Abl:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkolliselle                      :S:All:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisena                       :S:Ess:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkolliseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkolliset                        :P:Nom:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisten                       :P:Gen:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisin                        :P:Gen:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisia                        :P:Par:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisista                      :P:Ela:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisille                      :P:All:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisina                       :P:Ess:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisin                        :P:Ins:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskirkollisine                       :P:Kom:                   yleiskirkollinen
yleiskokous                             :S:Nom:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksen                          :S:Gen:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokousta                           :S:Par:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksessa                        :S:Ine:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksesta                        :S:Ela:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokoukseen                         :S:Ill:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksella                        :S:Ade:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokoukselta                        :S:Abl:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokoukselle                        :S:All:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksena                         :S:Ess:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokoukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksetta                        :S:Abe:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokoukset                          :P:Nom:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokousten                          :P:Gen:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksien                         :P:Gen:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksia                          :P:Par:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksista                        :P:Ela:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksille                        :P:All:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksina                         :P:Ess:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksin                          :P:Ins:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yleiskokous
yleiskokouksine                         :P:Kom:                   yleiskokous
yleiskone                               :S:Nom:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneen                             :S:Gen:                   yleiskone
yleiskonetta                            :S:Par:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneessa                           :S:Ine:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneesta                           :S:Ela:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneeseen                          :S:Ill:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneella                           :S:Ade:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneelta                           :S:Abl:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneelle                           :S:All:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneena                            :S:Ess:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneetta                           :S:Abe:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneet                             :P:Nom:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneiden                           :P:Gen:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneitten                          :P:Gen:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneita                            :P:Par:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneissa                           :P:Ine:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneista                           :P:Ela:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneilla                           :P:Ade:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneilta                           :P:Abl:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneille                           :P:All:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneina                            :P:Ess:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleiskone
yleiskonein                             :P:Ins:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneitta                           :P:Abe:                   yleiskone
yleiskoneine                            :P:Kom:                   yleiskone
yleiskorotus                            :S:Nom:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksen                         :S:Gen:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotusta                          :S:Par:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotukseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksella                       :S:Ade:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotukselta                       :S:Abl:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotukselle                       :S:All:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksena                        :S:Ess:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotukset                         :P:Nom:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotusten                         :P:Gen:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksia                         :P:Par:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksille                       :P:All:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskorotuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yleiskorotus
yleiskunto                              :S:Nom:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnon                             :S:Gen:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuntoa                             :S:Par:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnossa                           :S:Ine:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnosta                           :S:Ela:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuntoon                            :S:Ill:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnolla                           :S:Ade:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnolta                           :S:Abl:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnolle                           :S:All:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuntona                            :S:Ess:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnotta                           :S:Abe:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnot                             :P:Nom:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuntojen                           :P:Gen:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuntoja                            :P:Par:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoista                          :P:Ela:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuntoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoille                          :P:All:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuntoina                           :P:Ess:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoin                            :P:Ins:                   yleiskunto
yleiskunnoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuntoine                           :P:Kom:                   yleiskunto
yleiskuva                               :S:Nom:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvan                              :S:Gen:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvaa                              :S:Par:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvassa                            :S:Ine:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvasta                            :S:Ela:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvaan                             :S:Ill:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvalla                            :S:Ade:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvalta                            :S:Abl:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvalle                            :S:All:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvana                             :S:Ess:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvatta                            :S:Abe:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvat                              :P:Nom:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvien                             :P:Gen:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvain                             :P:Gen:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvia                              :P:Par:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvissa                            :P:Ine:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvista                            :P:Ela:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuviin                             :P:Ill:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvilla                            :P:Ade:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvilta                            :P:Abl:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuville                            :P:All:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvina                             :P:Ess:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuviksi                            :P:Tra:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvin                              :P:Ins:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvitta                            :P:Abe:                   yleiskuva
yleiskuvine                             :P:Kom:                   yleiskuva
yleiskäsite                             :S:Nom:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteen                          :S:Gen:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitettä                          :S:Par:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteessä                        :S:Ine:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteestä                        :S:Ela:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteeseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteellä                        :S:Ade:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteeltä                        :S:Abl:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteelle                        :S:All:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteenä                         :S:Ess:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteettä                        :S:Abe:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteet                          :P:Nom:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteiden                        :P:Gen:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsiteitten                        :P:Gen:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteitä                         :P:Par:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteissä                        :P:Ine:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteistä                        :P:Ela:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteihin                        :P:Ill:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteillä                        :P:Ade:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteille                        :P:All:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteinä                         :P:Ess:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsittein                          :P:Ins:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteittä                        :P:Abe:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitteine                         :P:Kom:                   yleiskäsite
yleiskäsitys                            :S:Nom:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksen                         :S:Gen:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsitystä                          :S:Par:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsitykseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsitykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsitykselle                       :S:All:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsitykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsitykset                         :P:Nom:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsitysten                         :P:Gen:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksien                        :P:Gen:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksiä                         :P:Par:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksille                       :P:All:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksin                         :P:Ins:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yleiskäsitys
yleiskäsityksine                        :P:Kom:                   yleiskäsitys
yleislakko                              :S:Nom:                   yleislakko
yleislakon                              :S:Gen:                   yleislakko
yleislakkoa                             :S:Par:                   yleislakko
yleislakossa                            :S:Ine:                   yleislakko
yleislakosta                            :S:Ela:                   yleislakko
yleislakkoon                            :S:Ill:                   yleislakko
yleislakolla                            :S:Ade:                   yleislakko
yleislakolta                            :S:Abl:                   yleislakko
yleislakolle                            :S:All:                   yleislakko
yleislakkona                            :S:Ess:                   yleislakko
yleislakoksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleislakko
yleislakotta                            :S:Abe:                   yleislakko
yleislakot                              :P:Nom:                   yleislakko
yleislakkojen                           :P:Gen:                   yleislakko
yleislakkoja                            :P:Par:                   yleislakko
yleislakoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yleislakko
yleislakoista                           :P:Ela:                   yleislakko
yleislakkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleislakko
yleislakoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yleislakko
yleislakoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yleislakko
yleislakoille                           :P:All:                   yleislakko
yleislakkoina                           :P:Ess:                   yleislakko
yleislakoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleislakko
yleislakoin                             :P:Ins:                   yleislakko
yleislakoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yleislakko
yleislakkoine                           :P:Kom:                   yleislakko
yleisliima                              :S:Nom:                   yleisliima
yleisliiman                             :S:Gen:                   yleisliima
yleisliimaa                             :S:Par:                   yleisliima
yleisliimassa                           :S:Ine:                   yleisliima
yleisliimasta                           :S:Ela:                   yleisliima
yleisliimaan                            :S:Ill:                   yleisliima
yleisliimalla                           :S:Ade:                   yleisliima
yleisliimalta                           :S:Abl:                   yleisliima
yleisliimalle                           :S:All:                   yleisliima
yleisliimana                            :S:Ess:                   yleisliima
yleisliimaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleisliima
yleisliimatta                           :S:Abe:                   yleisliima
yleisliimat                             :P:Nom:                   yleisliima
yleisliimojen                           :P:Gen:                   yleisliima
yleisliimain                            :P:Gen:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoja                            :P:Par:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoista                          :P:Ela:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoille                          :P:All:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoina                           :P:Ess:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoin                            :P:Ins:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleisliima
yleisliimoine                           :P:Kom:                   yleisliima
yleisliittolainen                       :S:Nom:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisen                       :S:Gen:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaista                       :S:Par:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisessa                     :S:Ine:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisesta                     :S:Ela:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaiseen                      :S:Ill:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisella                     :S:Ade:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaiselta                     :S:Abl:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaiselle                     :S:All:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisena                      :S:Ess:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaiseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisetta                     :S:Abe:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaiset                       :P:Nom:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisten                      :P:Gen:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisin                       :P:Gen:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisia                       :P:Par:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisissa                     :P:Ine:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisista                     :P:Ela:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisilla                     :P:Ade:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisilta                     :P:Abl:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisille                     :P:All:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisina                      :P:Ess:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisin                       :P:Ins:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisitta                     :P:Abe:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisliittolaisine                      :P:Kom:                   yleisliittolainen
yleisluonne                             :S:Nom:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteen                           :S:Gen:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonnetta                          :S:Par:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteessa                         :S:Ine:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteesta                         :S:Ela:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteella                         :S:Ade:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteelta                         :S:Abl:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteelle                         :S:All:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteena                          :S:Ess:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteetta                         :S:Abe:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteet                           :P:Nom:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteiden                         :P:Gen:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonneitten                        :P:Gen:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteita                          :P:Par:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteissa                         :P:Ine:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteista                         :P:Ela:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteilla                         :P:Ade:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteilta                         :P:Abl:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteille                         :P:All:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteina                          :P:Ess:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleisluonne
yleisluontein                           :P:Ins:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteitta                         :P:Abe:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteine                          :P:Kom:                   yleisluonne
yleisluonteinen                         :S:Nom:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisen                         :S:Gen:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteista                         :S:Par:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisella                       :S:Ade:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteiselta                       :S:Abl:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteiselle                       :S:All:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisena                        :S:Ess:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteiset                         :P:Nom:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisten                        :P:Gen:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisin                         :P:Gen:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisia                         :P:Par:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisista                       :P:Ela:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisille                       :P:All:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisina                        :P:Ess:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisin                         :P:Ins:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleisluonteinen
yleisluonteisine                        :P:Kom:                   yleisluonteinen
yleislääketiede                         :S:Nom:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteen                       :S:Gen:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketiedettä                      :S:Par:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteessä                     :S:Ine:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteestä                     :S:Ela:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteeseen                    :S:Ill:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteellä                     :S:Ade:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteeltä                     :S:Abl:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteelle                     :S:All:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteenä                      :S:Ess:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteettä                     :S:Abe:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteet                       :P:Nom:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteiden                     :P:Gen:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketiedeitten                    :P:Gen:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteitä                      :P:Par:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteissä                     :P:Ine:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteistä                     :P:Ela:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteisiin                    :P:Ill:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteihin                     :P:Ill:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteillä                     :P:Ade:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteille                     :P:All:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteinä                      :P:Ess:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketietein                       :P:Ins:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteittä                     :P:Abe:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääketieteine                      :P:Kom:                   yleislääketiede
yleislääkäri                            :S:Nom:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärin                           :S:Gen:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäriä                           :S:Par:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärissä                         :S:Ine:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäristä                         :S:Ela:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäriin                          :S:Ill:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärillä                         :S:Ade:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäriltä                         :S:Abl:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärille                         :S:All:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärinä                          :S:Ess:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäriksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärittä                         :S:Abe:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärit                           :P:Nom:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärien                          :P:Gen:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreiden                        :P:Gen:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreitten                       :P:Gen:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärejä                          :P:Par:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreitä                         :P:Par:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreissä                        :P:Ine:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreistä                        :P:Ela:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreihin                        :P:Ill:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreillä                        :P:Ade:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreille                        :P:All:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreinä                         :P:Ess:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkärein                          :P:Ins:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreittä                        :P:Abe:                   yleislääkäri
yleislääkäreine                         :P:Kom:                   yleislääkäri
yleismaailmallinen                      :S:Nom:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisen                      :S:Gen:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallista                      :S:Par:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisessa                    :S:Ine:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisesta                    :S:Ela:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmalliseen                     :S:Ill:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisella                    :S:Ade:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmalliselta                    :S:Abl:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmalliselle                    :S:All:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisena                     :S:Ess:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmalliseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisetta                    :S:Abe:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmalliset                      :P:Nom:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisten                     :P:Gen:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisin                      :P:Gen:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisia                      :P:Par:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisissa                    :P:Ine:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisista                    :P:Ela:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisilla                    :P:Ade:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisilta                    :P:Abl:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisille                    :P:All:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisina                     :P:Ess:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisin                      :P:Ins:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisitta                    :P:Abe:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisine                     :P:Kom:                   yleismaailmallinen
yleismaailmallisuus                     :S:Nom:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuden                   :S:Gen:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuutta                   :S:Par:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuudessa                 :S:Ine:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuudesta                 :S:Ela:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuteen                  :S:Ill:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuudella                 :S:Ade:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuudelta                 :S:Abl:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuudelle                 :S:All:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuutena                  :S:Ess:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuudeksi                 :S:Tra:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuutta                   :S:Abe:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuudet                   :P:Nom:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksien                 :P:Gen:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksia                  :P:Par:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksissa                :P:Ine:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksista                :P:Ela:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksiin                 :P:Ill:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksilla                :P:Ade:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksilta                :P:Abl:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksille                :P:All:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksina                 :P:Ess:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksiksi                :P:Tra:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksin                  :P:Ins:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksitta                :P:Abe:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismaailmallisuuksine                 :P:Kom:                   yleismaailmallisuus
yleismerkitys                           :S:Nom:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksen                        :S:Gen:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkitystä                         :S:Par:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksessä                      :S:Ine:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksestä                      :S:Ela:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkitykseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksellä                      :S:Ade:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkitykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkitykselle                      :S:All:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksenä                       :S:Ess:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkitykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksettä                      :S:Abe:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkitykset                        :P:Nom:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkitysten                        :P:Gen:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksien                       :P:Gen:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksiä                        :P:Par:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksille                      :P:All:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksin                        :P:Ins:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yleismerkitys
yleismerkityksine                       :P:Kom:                   yleismerkitys
yleismies                               :S:Nom:                   yleismies
yleismiehen                             :S:Gen:                   yleismies
yleismiestä                             :S:Par:                   yleismies
yleismiehessä                           :S:Ine:                   yleismies
yleismiehestä                           :S:Ela:                   yleismies
yleismieheen                            :S:Ill:                   yleismies
yleismiehellä                           :S:Ade:                   yleismies
yleismieheltä                           :S:Abl:                   yleismies
yleismiehelle                           :S:All:                   yleismies
yleismiehenä                            :S:Ess:                   yleismies
yleismieheksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleismies
yleismiehettä                           :S:Abe:                   yleismies
yleismiehet                             :P:Nom:                   yleismies
yleismiesten                            :P:Gen:                   yleismies
yleismiehien                            :P:Gen:                   yleismies
yleismiehiä                             :P:Par:                   yleismies
yleismiehissä                           :P:Ine:                   yleismies
yleismiehistä                           :P:Ela:                   yleismies
yleismiehiin                            :P:Ill:                   yleismies
yleismiehillä                           :P:Ade:                   yleismies
yleismiehiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yleismies
yleismiehille                           :P:All:                   yleismies
yleismiehinä                            :P:Ess:                   yleismies
yleismiehiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleismies
yleismiehin                             :P:Ins:                   yleismies
yleismiehittä                           :P:Abe:                   yleismies
yleismiehine                            :P:Kom:                   yleismies
yleisnero                               :S:Nom:                   yleisnero
yleisneron                              :S:Gen:                   yleisnero
yleisneroa                              :S:Par:                   yleisnero
yleisnerossa                            :S:Ine:                   yleisnero
yleisnerosta                            :S:Ela:                   yleisnero
yleisneroon                             :S:Ill:                   yleisnero
yleisnerolla                            :S:Ade:                   yleisnero
yleisnerolta                            :S:Abl:                   yleisnero
yleisnerolle                            :S:All:                   yleisnero
yleisnerona                             :S:Ess:                   yleisnero
yleisneroksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleisnero
yleisnerotta                            :S:Abe:                   yleisnero
yleisnerot                              :P:Nom:                   yleisnero
yleisnerojen                            :P:Gen:                   yleisnero
yleisneroja                             :P:Par:                   yleisnero
yleisneroissa                           :P:Ine:                   yleisnero
yleisneroista                           :P:Ela:                   yleisnero
yleisneroihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleisnero
yleisneroilla                           :P:Ade:                   yleisnero
yleisneroilta                           :P:Abl:                   yleisnero
yleisneroille                           :P:All:                   yleisnero
yleisneroina                            :P:Ess:                   yleisnero
yleisneroiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleisnero
yleisneroin                             :P:Ins:                   yleisnero
yleisneroitta                           :P:Abe:                   yleisnero
yleisneroine                            :P:Kom:                   yleisnero
yleisnimi                               :S:Nom:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimen                              :S:Gen:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimeä                              :S:Par:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimessä                            :S:Ine:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimestä                            :S:Ela:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimeen                             :S:Ill:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimellä                            :S:Ade:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimeltä                            :S:Abl:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimelle                            :S:All:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimenä                             :S:Ess:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimeksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimettä                            :S:Abe:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimet                              :P:Nom:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimien                             :P:Gen:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimiä                              :P:Par:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimissä                            :P:Ine:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimistä                            :P:Ela:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimiin                             :P:Ill:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimillä                            :P:Ade:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimille                            :P:All:                   yleisnimi
yleisniminä                             :P:Ess:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimin                              :P:Ins:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimittä                            :P:Abe:                   yleisnimi
yleisnimine                             :P:Kom:                   yleisnimi
yleisnäkemys                            :S:Nom:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksen                         :S:Gen:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemystä                          :S:Par:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemykseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemykselle                       :S:All:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemykset                         :P:Nom:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemysten                         :P:Gen:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksien                        :P:Gen:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksiä                         :P:Par:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksille                       :P:All:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksin                         :P:Ins:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisnäkemyksine                        :P:Kom:                   yleisnäkemys
yleisohje                               :S:Nom:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeen                             :S:Gen:                   yleisohje
yleisohjetta                            :S:Par:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeessa                           :S:Ine:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeesta                           :S:Ela:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeeseen                          :S:Ill:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeella                           :S:Ade:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeelta                           :S:Abl:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeelle                           :S:All:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeena                            :S:Ess:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeetta                           :S:Abe:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeet                             :P:Nom:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeiden                           :P:Gen:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeitten                          :P:Gen:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeita                            :P:Par:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeissa                           :P:Ine:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeista                           :P:Ela:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeilla                           :P:Ade:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeilta                           :P:Abl:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeille                           :P:All:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeina                            :P:Ess:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleisohje
yleisohjein                             :P:Ins:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeitta                           :P:Abe:                   yleisohje
yleisohjeine                            :P:Kom:                   yleisohje
yleisoire                               :S:Nom:                   yleisoire
yleisoireen                             :S:Gen:                   yleisoire
yleisoiretta                            :S:Par:                   yleisoire
yleisoireessa                           :S:Ine:                   yleisoire
yleisoireesta                           :S:Ela:                   yleisoire
yleisoireeseen                          :S:Ill:                   yleisoire
yleisoireella                           :S:Ade:                   yleisoire
yleisoireelta                           :S:Abl:                   yleisoire
yleisoireelle                           :S:All:                   yleisoire
yleisoireena                            :S:Ess:                   yleisoire
yleisoireeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleisoire
yleisoireetta                           :S:Abe:                   yleisoire
yleisoireet                             :P:Nom:                   yleisoire
yleisoireiden                           :P:Gen:                   yleisoire
yleisoireitten                          :P:Gen:                   yleisoire
yleisoireita                            :P:Par:                   yleisoire
yleisoireissa                           :P:Ine:                   yleisoire
yleisoireista                           :P:Ela:                   yleisoire
yleisoireisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yleisoire
yleisoireihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleisoire
yleisoireilla                           :P:Ade:                   yleisoire
yleisoireilta                           :P:Abl:                   yleisoire
yleisoireille                           :P:All:                   yleisoire
yleisoireina                            :P:Ess:                   yleisoire
yleisoireiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleisoire
yleisoirein                             :P:Ins:                   yleisoire
yleisoireitta                           :P:Abe:                   yleisoire
yleisoireine                            :P:Kom:                   yleisoire
yleisopinto                             :S:Nom:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnon                            :S:Gen:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopintoa                            :S:Par:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnossa                          :S:Ine:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnosta                          :S:Ela:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopintoon                           :S:Ill:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnolla                          :S:Ade:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnolta                          :S:Abl:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnolle                          :S:All:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopintona                           :S:Ess:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnotta                          :S:Abe:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnot                            :P:Nom:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopintojen                          :P:Gen:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopintoja                           :P:Par:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoista                         :P:Ela:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopintoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoille                         :P:All:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopintoina                          :P:Ess:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoin                           :P:Ins:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopinnoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yleisopinnot
yleisopintoine                          :P:Kom:                   yleisopinnot
yleisperiaate                           :S:Nom:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteen                        :S:Gen:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatetta                        :S:Par:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteessa                      :S:Ine:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteesta                      :S:Ela:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteeseen                     :S:Ill:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteella                      :S:Ade:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteelta                      :S:Abl:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteelle                      :S:All:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteena                       :S:Ess:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteetta                      :S:Abe:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteet                        :P:Nom:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteiden                      :P:Gen:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaateitten                      :P:Gen:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteita                       :P:Par:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteista                      :P:Ela:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteihin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteille                      :P:All:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteina                       :P:Ess:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaattein                        :P:Ins:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleisperiaate
yleisperiaatteine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisperiaate
yleispuhekieli                          :S:Nom:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielen                         :S:Gen:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieltä                         :S:Par:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielessä                       :S:Ine:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielestä                       :S:Ela:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieleen                        :S:Ill:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielellä                       :S:Ade:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieleltä                       :S:Abl:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielelle                       :S:All:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielenä                        :S:Ess:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieleksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielettä                       :S:Abe:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielet                         :P:Nom:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielten                        :P:Gen:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielien                        :P:Gen:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieliä                         :P:Par:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielissä                       :P:Ine:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielistä                       :P:Ela:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieliin                        :P:Ill:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielillä                       :P:Ade:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieliltä                       :P:Abl:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielille                       :P:All:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielinä                        :P:Ess:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieliksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielin                         :P:Ins:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekielittä                       :P:Abe:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispuhekieline                        :P:Kom:                   yleispuhekieli
yleispätevyys                           :S:Nom:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyden                         :S:Gen:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyttä                         :S:Par:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyydessä                       :S:Ine:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyydestä                       :S:Ela:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyteen                        :S:Ill:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyydellä                       :S:Ade:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyydeltä                       :S:Abl:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyydelle                       :S:All:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyytenä                        :S:Ess:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyydeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyttä                         :S:Abe:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyydet                         :P:Nom:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksille                      :P:All:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevyyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yleispätevyys
yleispätevä                             :S:Nom:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevän                            :S:Gen:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevää                            :S:Par:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevässä                          :S:Ine:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevästä                          :S:Ela:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevään                           :S:Ill:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevällä                          :S:Ade:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevältä                          :S:Abl:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevälle                          :S:All:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevänä                           :S:Ess:                   yleispätevä
yleispäteväksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevättä                          :S:Abe:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevät                            :P:Nom:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevien                           :P:Gen:                   yleispätevä
yleispäteväin                           :P:Gen:                   yleispätevä
yleispäteviä                            :P:Par:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevissä                          :P:Ine:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevistä                          :P:Ela:                   yleispätevä
yleispäteviin                           :P:Ill:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevillä                          :P:Ade:                   yleispätevä
yleispäteviltä                          :P:Abl:                   yleispätevä
yleispäteville                          :P:All:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevinä                           :P:Ess:                   yleispätevä
yleispäteviksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevin                            :P:Ins:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevittä                          :P:Abe:                   yleispätevä
yleispätevine                           :P:Kom:                   yleispätevä
yleisradio                              :S:Nom:                   yleisradio
yleisradion                             :S:Gen:                   yleisradio
yleisradiota                            :S:Par:                   yleisradio
yleisradiossa                           :S:Ine:                   yleisradio
yleisradiosta                           :S:Ela:                   yleisradio
yleisradioon                            :S:Ill:                   yleisradio
yleisradiolla                           :S:Ade:                   yleisradio
yleisradiolta                           :S:Abl:                   yleisradio
yleisradiolle                           :S:All:                   yleisradio
yleisradiona                            :S:Ess:                   yleisradio
yleisradioksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleisradio
yleisradiotta                           :S:Abe:                   yleisradio
yleisradiot                             :P:Nom:                   yleisradio
yleisradioiden                          :P:Gen:                   yleisradio
yleisradioitten                         :P:Gen:                   yleisradio
yleisradioita                           :P:Par:                   yleisradio
yleisradioissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleisradio
yleisradioista                          :P:Ela:                   yleisradio
yleisradioihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleisradio
yleisradioilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleisradio
yleisradioilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleisradio
yleisradioille                          :P:All:                   yleisradio
yleisradioina                           :P:Ess:                   yleisradio
yleisradioiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleisradio
yleisradioin                            :P:Ins:                   yleisradio
yleisradioitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleisradio
yleisradioine                           :P:Kom:                   yleisradio
yleisradioasema                         :S:Nom:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioaseman                        :S:Gen:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemaa                        :S:Par:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemassa                      :S:Ine:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemasta                      :S:Ela:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemaan                       :S:Ill:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemalla                      :S:Ade:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemalta                      :S:Abl:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemalle                      :S:All:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemana                       :S:Ess:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasematta                      :S:Abe:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemat                        :P:Nom:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemien                       :P:Gen:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemain                       :P:Gen:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemia                        :P:Par:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemista                      :P:Ela:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemille                      :P:All:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemina                       :P:Ess:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradioasemine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisradioasema
yleisradiotoiminta                      :S:Nom:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnan                     :S:Gen:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintaa                     :S:Par:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnassa                   :S:Ine:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnasta                   :S:Ela:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintaan                    :S:Ill:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnalla                   :S:Ade:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnalta                   :S:Abl:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnalle                   :S:All:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintana                    :S:Ess:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnaksi                   :S:Tra:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnatta                   :S:Abe:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnat                     :P:Nom:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintojen                   :P:Gen:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintain                    :P:Gen:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintoja                    :P:Par:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnoissa                  :P:Ine:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnoista                  :P:Ela:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintoihin                  :P:Ill:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnoilla                  :P:Ade:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnoilta                  :P:Abl:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnoille                  :P:All:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintoina                   :P:Ess:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnoiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnoin                    :P:Ins:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoiminnoitta                  :P:Abe:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradiotoimintoine                   :P:Kom:                   yleisradiotoiminta
yleisradioyhtiö                         :S:Nom:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiön                        :S:Gen:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiötä                       :S:Par:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiössä                      :S:Ine:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöstä                      :S:Ela:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöön                       :S:Ill:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöllä                      :S:Ade:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöltä                      :S:Abl:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiölle                      :S:All:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiönä                       :S:Ess:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöttä                      :S:Abe:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöt                        :P:Nom:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöiden                     :P:Gen:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöitten                    :P:Gen:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöitä                      :P:Par:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöissä                     :P:Ine:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöistä                     :P:Ela:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöihin                     :P:Ill:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöillä                     :P:Ade:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöille                     :P:All:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöinä                      :P:Ess:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöin                       :P:Ins:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöittä                     :P:Abe:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleisradioyhtiöine                      :P:Kom:                   yleisradioyhtiö
yleissilmäys                            :S:Nom:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksen                         :S:Gen:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäystä                          :S:Par:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäykseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäykselle                       :S:All:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäykset                         :P:Nom:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäysten                         :P:Gen:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksien                        :P:Gen:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksiä                         :P:Par:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksille                       :P:All:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksin                         :P:Ins:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yleissilmäys
yleissilmäyksine                        :P:Kom:                   yleissilmäys
yleissitovuus                           :S:Nom:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuden                         :S:Gen:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuutta                         :S:Par:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuudella                       :S:Ade:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuudelle                       :S:All:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuutena                        :S:Ess:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuutta                         :S:Abe:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuudet                         :P:Nom:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksia                        :P:Par:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksille                      :P:All:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleissitovuus
yleissitovuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yleissitovuus
yleissivistys                           :S:Nom:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksen                        :S:Gen:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistystä                         :S:Par:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistykseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistykselle                      :S:All:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistykset                        :P:Nom:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistysten                        :P:Gen:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksille                      :P:All:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yleissivistys
yleissivistävä                          :S:Nom:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävän                         :S:Gen:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävää                         :S:Par:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävässä                       :S:Ine:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävästä                       :S:Ela:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävään                        :S:Ill:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävällä                       :S:Ade:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävältä                       :S:Abl:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävälle                       :S:All:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävänä                        :S:Ess:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistäväksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävättä                       :S:Abe:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävät                         :P:Nom:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävien                        :P:Gen:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistäväin                        :P:Gen:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistäviä                         :P:Par:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävissä                       :P:Ine:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävistä                       :P:Ela:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistäviin                        :P:Ill:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävillä                       :P:Ade:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistäviltä                       :P:Abl:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistäville                       :P:All:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävinä                        :P:Ess:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistäviksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävin                         :P:Ins:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävittä                       :P:Abe:                   yleissivistävä
yleissivistävine                        :P:Kom:                   yleissivistävä
yleissopimus                            :S:Nom:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksen                         :S:Gen:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimusta                          :S:Par:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimukseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksella                       :S:Ade:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimukselta                       :S:Abl:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimukselle                       :S:All:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksena                        :S:Ess:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimukset                         :P:Nom:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimusten                         :P:Gen:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksia                         :P:Par:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksille                       :P:All:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleissopimus
yleissopimuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yleissopimus
yleissuomalainen                        :S:Nom:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisen                        :S:Gen:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaista                        :S:Par:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaiseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisella                      :S:Ade:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaiselta                      :S:Abl:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaiselle                      :S:All:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisena                       :S:Ess:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaiset                        :P:Nom:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisten                       :P:Gen:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisin                        :P:Gen:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisia                        :P:Par:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisista                      :P:Ela:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisille                      :P:All:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisina                       :P:Ess:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisin                        :P:Ins:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuomalaisine                       :P:Kom:                   yleissuomalainen
yleissuunnitelma                        :S:Nom:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelman                       :S:Gen:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmaa                       :S:Par:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmassa                     :S:Ine:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmasta                     :S:Ela:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmaan                      :S:Ill:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmalla                     :S:Ade:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmalta                     :S:Abl:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmalle                     :S:All:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmana                      :S:Ess:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmatta                     :S:Abe:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmat                       :P:Nom:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmien                      :P:Gen:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmain                      :P:Gen:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmia                       :P:Par:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmissa                     :P:Ine:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmista                     :P:Ela:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmiin                      :P:Ill:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmilla                     :P:Ade:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmilta                     :P:Abl:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmille                     :P:All:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmina                      :P:Ess:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmin                       :P:Ins:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmitta                     :P:Abe:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissuunnitelmine                      :P:Kom:                   yleissuunnitelma
yleissävy                               :S:Nom:                   yleissävy
yleissävyn                              :S:Gen:                   yleissävy
yleissävyä                              :S:Par:                   yleissävy
yleissävyssä                            :S:Ine:                   yleissävy
yleissävystä                            :S:Ela:                   yleissävy
yleissävyyn                             :S:Ill:                   yleissävy
yleissävyllä                            :S:Ade:                   yleissävy
yleissävyltä                            :S:Abl:                   yleissävy
yleissävylle                            :S:All:                   yleissävy
yleissävynä                             :S:Ess:                   yleissävy
yleissävyksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleissävy
yleissävyttä                            :S:Abe:                   yleissävy
yleissävyt                              :P:Nom:                   yleissävy
yleissävyjen                            :P:Gen:                   yleissävy
yleissävyjä                             :P:Par:                   yleissävy
yleissävyissä                           :P:Ine:                   yleissävy
yleissävyistä                           :P:Ela:                   yleissävy
yleissävyihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleissävy
yleissävyillä                           :P:Ade:                   yleissävy
yleissävyiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yleissävy
yleissävyille                           :P:All:                   yleissävy
yleissävyinä                            :P:Ess:                   yleissävy
yleissävyiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleissävy
yleissävyin                             :P:Ins:                   yleissävy
yleissävyittä                           :P:Abe:                   yleissävy
yleissävyine                            :P:Kom:                   yleissävy
yleissääntö                             :S:Nom:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännön                            :S:Gen:                   yleissääntö
yleissääntöä                            :S:Par:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännössä                          :S:Ine:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöstä                          :S:Ela:                   yleissääntö
yleissääntöön                           :S:Ill:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöllä                          :S:Ade:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöltä                          :S:Abl:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännölle                          :S:All:                   yleissääntö
yleissääntönä                           :S:Ess:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöttä                          :S:Abe:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöt                            :P:Nom:                   yleissääntö
yleissääntöjen                          :P:Gen:                   yleissääntö
yleissääntöjä                           :P:Par:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöissä                         :P:Ine:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöistä                         :P:Ela:                   yleissääntö
yleissääntöihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöillä                         :P:Ade:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöille                         :P:All:                   yleissääntö
yleissääntöinä                          :P:Ess:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöin                           :P:Ins:                   yleissääntö
yleissäännöittä                         :P:Abe:                   yleissääntö
yleissääntöine                          :P:Kom:                   yleissääntö
yleistajuinen                           :S:Nom:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisen                           :S:Gen:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuista                           :S:Par:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisella                         :S:Ade:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuiselle                         :S:All:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisena                          :S:Ess:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuiset                           :P:Nom:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisten                          :P:Gen:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisin                           :P:Gen:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisia                           :P:Par:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisista                         :P:Ela:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisille                         :P:All:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisina                          :P:Ess:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisin                           :P:Ins:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuisine                          :P:Kom:                   yleistajuinen
yleistajuistan                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaa                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamme                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistatte                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistavat                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistetaan                       :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuista                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuisteta                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistin                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistit                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuisti                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistimme                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistitte                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettiin                      :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanen                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanet                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanee                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanemme                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanette                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanevat                      :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettaneen                    :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistane                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettane                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisin                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisit                       :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisimme                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisitte                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisivat                     :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettaisiin                   :Con:Pre:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaisi                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettaisi                     :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuista                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistakaamme                     :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistakaa                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistakoot                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettakoon                    :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuista                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistako                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettako                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaa                          :Inf1:                    yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaakseen                     :Inf1:L:                  yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettaessa                    :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaen                         :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamassa                      :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamasta                      :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamaan                       :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamalla                      :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamatta                      :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettaman                     :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaminen                      :Inf4:Nom:                yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamista                      :Inf4:Par:                yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamaisillaan                 :Inf5:                    yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistava                         :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettava                      :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Cip:Per:Akt:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Cip:Per:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistama                         :Cip:Age:                 yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistamaton                      :Cip:Age:Neg:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Ind:Per:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Con:Per:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Pot:Per:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Imp:Per:Pas:             yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistanut                        :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistaneet                       :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistajuistaa
yleistajuistettu                        :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistajuistaa
yleistajuisuus                          :S:Nom:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuutta                        :S:Par:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuudelle                      :S:All:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksille                     :P:All:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistajuisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yleistajuisuus
yleistaso                               :S:Nom:                   yleistaso
yleistason                              :S:Gen:                   yleistaso
yleistasoa                              :S:Par:                   yleistaso
yleistasossa                            :S:Ine:                   yleistaso
yleistasosta                            :S:Ela:                   yleistaso
yleistasoon                             :S:Ill:                   yleistaso
yleistasolla                            :S:Ade:                   yleistaso
yleistasolta                            :S:Abl:                   yleistaso
yleistasolle                            :S:All:                   yleistaso
yleistasona                             :S:Ess:                   yleistaso
yleistasoksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleistaso
yleistasotta                            :S:Abe:                   yleistaso
yleistasot                              :P:Nom:                   yleistaso
yleistasojen                            :P:Gen:                   yleistaso
yleistasoja                             :P:Par:                   yleistaso
yleistasoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yleistaso
yleistasoista                           :P:Ela:                   yleistaso
yleistasoihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleistaso
yleistasoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yleistaso
yleistasoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yleistaso
yleistasoille                           :P:All:                   yleistaso
yleistasoina                            :P:Ess:                   yleistaso
yleistasoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleistaso
yleistasoin                             :P:Ins:                   yleistaso
yleistasoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yleistaso
yleistasoine                            :P:Kom:                   yleistaso
yleistieto                              :S:Nom:                   yleistieto
yleistiedon                             :S:Gen:                   yleistieto
yleistietoa                             :S:Par:                   yleistieto
yleistiedossa                           :S:Ine:                   yleistieto
yleistiedosta                           :S:Ela:                   yleistieto
yleistietoon                            :S:Ill:                   yleistieto
yleistiedolla                           :S:Ade:                   yleistieto
yleistiedolta                           :S:Abl:                   yleistieto
yleistiedolle                           :S:All:                   yleistieto
yleistietona                            :S:Ess:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleistieto
yleistiedotta                           :S:Abe:                   yleistieto
yleistiedot                             :P:Nom:                   yleistieto
yleistietojen                           :P:Gen:                   yleistieto
yleistietoja                            :P:Par:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoista                          :P:Ela:                   yleistieto
yleistietoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoille                          :P:All:                   yleistieto
yleistietoina                           :P:Ess:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoin                            :P:Ins:                   yleistieto
yleistiedoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleistieto
yleistietoine                           :P:Kom:                   yleistieto
yleistila                               :S:Nom:                   yleistila
yleistilan                              :S:Gen:                   yleistila
yleistilaa                              :S:Par:                   yleistila
yleistilassa                            :S:Ine:                   yleistila
yleistilasta                            :S:Ela:                   yleistila
yleistilaan                             :S:Ill:                   yleistila
yleistilalla                            :S:Ade:                   yleistila
yleistilalta                            :S:Abl:                   yleistila
yleistilalle                            :S:All:                   yleistila
yleistilana                             :S:Ess:                   yleistila
yleistilaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleistila
yleistilatta                            :S:Abe:                   yleistila
yleistilat                              :P:Nom:                   yleistila
yleistilojen                            :P:Gen:                   yleistila
yleistilain                             :P:Gen:                   yleistila
yleistiloja                             :P:Par:                   yleistila
yleistiloissa                           :P:Ine:                   yleistila
yleistiloista                           :P:Ela:                   yleistila
yleistiloihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleistila
yleistiloilla                           :P:Ade:                   yleistila
yleistiloilta                           :P:Abl:                   yleistila
yleistiloille                           :P:All:                   yleistila
yleistiloina                            :P:Ess:                   yleistila
yleistiloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleistila
yleistiloin                             :P:Ins:                   yleistila
yleistiloitta                           :P:Abe:                   yleistila
yleistiloine                            :P:Kom:                   yleistila
yleistilanne                            :S:Nom:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteen                          :S:Gen:                   yleistilanne
yleistilannetta                         :S:Par:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteessa                        :S:Ine:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteesta                        :S:Ela:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteeseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteella                        :S:Ade:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteelta                        :S:Abl:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteelle                        :S:All:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteena                         :S:Ess:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteetta                        :S:Abe:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteet                          :P:Nom:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteiden                        :P:Gen:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanneitten                       :P:Gen:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteita                         :P:Par:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteissa                        :P:Ine:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteista                        :P:Ela:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteihin                        :P:Ill:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteilla                        :P:Ade:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteilta                        :P:Abl:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteille                        :P:All:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteina                         :P:Ess:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yleistilanne
yleistilantein                          :P:Ins:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteitta                        :P:Abe:                   yleistilanne
yleistilanteine                         :P:Kom:                   yleistilanne
yleistutkimus                           :S:Nom:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksen                        :S:Gen:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimusta                         :S:Par:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksessa                      :S:Ine:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksesta                      :S:Ela:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimukseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksella                      :S:Ade:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimukselta                      :S:Abl:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimukselle                      :S:All:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksena                       :S:Ess:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksetta                      :S:Abe:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimukset                        :P:Nom:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimusten                        :P:Gen:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksien                       :P:Gen:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksia                        :P:Par:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksista                      :P:Ela:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksille                      :P:All:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksina                       :P:Ess:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksin                        :P:Ins:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleistutkimus
yleistutkimuksine                       :P:Kom:                   yleistutkimus
yleistys                                :S:Nom:                   yleistys
yleistyksen                             :S:Gen:                   yleistys
yleistystä                              :S:Par:                   yleistys
yleistyksessä                           :S:Ine:                   yleistys
yleistyksestä                           :S:Ela:                   yleistys
yleistykseen                            :S:Ill:                   yleistys
yleistyksellä                           :S:Ade:                   yleistys
yleistykseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yleistys
yleistykselle                           :S:All:                   yleistys
yleistyksenä                            :S:Ess:                   yleistys
yleistykseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleistys
yleistyksettä                           :S:Abe:                   yleistys
yleistykset                             :P:Nom:                   yleistys
yleistysten                             :P:Gen:                   yleistys
yleistyksien                            :P:Gen:                   yleistys
yleistyksiä                             :P:Par:                   yleistys
yleistyksissä                           :P:Ine:                   yleistys
yleistyksistä                           :P:Ela:                   yleistys
yleistyksiin                            :P:Ill:                   yleistys
yleistyksillä                           :P:Ade:                   yleistys
yleistyksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yleistys
yleistyksille                           :P:All:                   yleistys
yleistyksinä                            :P:Ess:                   yleistys
yleistyksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleistys
yleistyksin                             :P:Ins:                   yleistys
yleistyksittä                           :P:Abe:                   yleistys
yleistyksine                            :P:Kom:                   yleistys
yleistyn                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistyä
yleistyt                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistyy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistymme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistytte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistyvät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistytään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yleistyä
yleisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistytä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleistyin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yleistyä
yleistyit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistyi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistyimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistyitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistyivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistyttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleistynen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistyä
yleistynet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistynee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistynemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistynette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistynevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistyttäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyttäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleistyisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistyä
yleistyisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistyisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistyisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistyisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistyttäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyttäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleisty                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistyköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistykäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistykää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistykööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistyttäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yleistyä
yleisty                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyttäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistyä                                :Inf1:                    yleistyä
yleistyäkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yleistyä
yleistyessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yleistyä
yleistyttäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yleistyä
yleistyen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yleistyä
yleistymässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yleistyä
yleistymästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yleistyä
yleistymään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yleistyä
yleistymällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yleistyä
yleistymättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yleistyä
yleistymän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yleistyä
yleistyttämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yleistyä
yleistyminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yleistyä
yleistymistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yleistyä
yleistymäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yleistyä
yleistyvä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yleistyä
yleistyttävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistymä                               :Cip:Age:                 yleistyä
yleistymätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yleistyä
yleistynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistyä
yleistytty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistyä
yleistän                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistää
yleistät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleistää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistämme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistätte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistetään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yleistää
yleistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistetä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleistin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yleistää
yleistit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleisti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistetty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleistänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistää
yleistänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleistänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistettäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yleistää
yleistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistettäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleistäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yleistää
yleistäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistettäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yleistää
yleistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistettäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleistä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleistäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistettäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yleistää
yleistä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistettäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yleistää
yleistää                                :Inf1:                    yleistää
yleistääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yleistää
yleistäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yleistää
yleistettäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yleistää
yleistäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yleistää
yleistämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yleistää
yleistämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yleistää
yleistämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yleistää
yleistämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yleistää
yleistämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yleistää
yleistämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yleistää
yleistettämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yleistää
yleistäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yleistää
yleistämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yleistää
yleistämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yleistää
yleistävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yleistää
yleistettävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yleistää
yleistetty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yleistää
yleistämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yleistää
yleistämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yleistää
yleistetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yleistää
yleistänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yleistää
yleistetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yleistää
yleisurheilija                          :S:Nom:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijan                         :S:Gen:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijaa                         :S:Par:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijassa                       :S:Ine:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijasta                       :S:Ela:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijaan                        :S:Ill:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijalla                       :S:Ade:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijalta                       :S:Abl:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijalle                       :S:All:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijana                        :S:Ess:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijaksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijatta                       :S:Abe:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijat                         :P:Nom:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoiden                      :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoitten                     :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijain                        :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoita                       :P:Par:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoista                      :P:Ela:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoille                      :P:All:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoina                       :P:Ess:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilijoine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisurheilija
yleisurheilu                            :S:Nom:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilun                           :S:Gen:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilua                           :S:Par:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilussa                         :S:Ine:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilusta                         :S:Ela:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluun                          :S:Ill:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilulla                         :S:Ade:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilulta                         :S:Abl:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilulle                         :S:All:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluna                          :S:Ess:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilutta                         :S:Abe:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilut                           :P:Nom:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilujen                         :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluiden                        :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluitten                       :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluja                          :P:Par:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluita                         :P:Par:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluissa                        :P:Ine:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluista                        :P:Ela:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluihin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluilla                        :P:Ade:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluilta                        :P:Abl:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluille                        :P:All:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluina                         :P:Ess:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluin                          :P:Ins:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluitta                        :P:Abe:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheiluine                         :P:Kom:                   yleisurheilu
yleisurheilukilpailu                    :S:Nom:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailun                   :S:Gen:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailua                   :S:Par:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailussa                 :S:Ine:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailusta                 :S:Ela:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuun                  :S:Ill:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailulla                 :S:Ade:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailulta                 :S:Abl:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailulle                 :S:All:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuna                  :S:Ess:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuksi                 :S:Tra:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailutta                 :S:Abe:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailut                   :P:Nom:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailujen                 :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuiden                :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuitten               :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuja                  :P:Par:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuita                 :P:Par:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuissa                :P:Ine:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuista                :P:Ela:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuihin                :P:Ill:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuilla                :P:Ade:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuilta                :P:Abl:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuille                :P:All:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuina                 :P:Ess:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuiksi                :P:Tra:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuin                  :P:Ins:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuitta                :P:Abe:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukilpailuine                 :P:Kom:                   yleisurheilukilpailu
yleisurheilukisa                        :S:Nom:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisan                       :S:Gen:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisaa                       :S:Par:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisassa                     :S:Ine:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisasta                     :S:Ela:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisaan                      :S:Ill:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisalla                     :S:Ade:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisalta                     :S:Abl:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisalle                     :S:All:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisana                      :S:Ess:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisatta                     :S:Abe:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisat                       :P:Nom:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisojen                     :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisain                      :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoja                      :P:Par:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoissa                    :P:Ine:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoista                    :P:Ela:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoihin                    :P:Ill:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoilla                    :P:Ade:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoilta                    :P:Abl:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoille                    :P:All:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoina                     :P:Ess:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoin                      :P:Ins:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoitta                    :P:Abe:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilukisoine                     :P:Kom:                   yleisurheilukisa
yleisurheilulaji                        :S:Nom:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajin                       :S:Gen:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajia                       :S:Par:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajissa                     :S:Ine:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajista                     :S:Ela:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajiin                      :S:Ill:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajilla                     :S:Ade:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajilta                     :S:Abl:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajille                     :S:All:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajina                      :S:Ess:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajiksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajitta                     :S:Abe:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajit                       :P:Nom:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajien                      :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeja                      :P:Par:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeissa                    :P:Ine:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeista                    :P:Ela:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeihin                    :P:Ill:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeilla                    :P:Ade:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeilta                    :P:Abl:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeille                    :P:All:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeina                     :P:Ess:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajein                      :P:Ins:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeitta                    :P:Abe:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilulajeine                     :P:Kom:                   yleisurheilulaji
yleisurheilumaaottelu                   :S:Nom:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelun                  :S:Gen:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelua                  :S:Par:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelussa                :S:Ine:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelusta                :S:Ela:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluun                 :S:Ill:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelulla                :S:Ade:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelulta                :S:Abl:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelulle                :S:All:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluna                 :S:Ess:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluksi                :S:Tra:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelutta                :S:Abe:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelut                  :P:Nom:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaottelujen                :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluiden               :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluitten              :P:Gen:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluja                 :P:Par:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluita                :P:Par:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluissa               :P:Ine:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluista               :P:Ela:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluihin               :P:Ill:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluilla               :P:Ade:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluilta               :P:Abl:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluille               :P:All:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluina                :P:Ess:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluiksi               :P:Tra:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluin                 :P:Ins:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluitta               :P:Abe:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisurheilumaaotteluine                :P:Kom:                   yleisurheilumaaottelu
yleisvaarallinen                        :S:Nom:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisen                        :S:Gen:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallista                        :S:Par:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisessa                      :S:Ine:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisesta                      :S:Ela:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaaralliseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisella                      :S:Ade:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaaralliselta                      :S:Abl:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaaralliselle                      :S:All:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisena                       :S:Ess:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaaralliseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisetta                      :S:Abe:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaaralliset                        :P:Nom:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisten                       :P:Gen:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisin                        :P:Gen:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisia                        :P:Par:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisista                      :P:Ela:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisille                      :P:All:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisina                       :P:Ess:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaarallisine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisvaarallinen
yleisvaikutelma                         :S:Nom:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelman                        :S:Gen:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmaa                        :S:Par:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmassa                      :S:Ine:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmasta                      :S:Ela:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmaan                       :S:Ill:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmalla                      :S:Ade:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmalta                      :S:Abl:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmalle                      :S:All:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmana                       :S:Ess:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmatta                      :S:Abe:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmat                        :P:Nom:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmien                       :P:Gen:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmain                       :P:Gen:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmia                        :P:Par:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmista                      :P:Ela:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmille                      :P:All:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmina                       :P:Ess:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvaikutelmine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisvaikutelma
yleisvalaisin                           :S:Nom:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimen                         :S:Gen:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisinta                         :S:Par:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimessa                       :S:Ine:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimesta                       :S:Ela:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimeen                        :S:Ill:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimella                       :S:Ade:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimelta                       :S:Abl:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimelle                       :S:All:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimena                        :S:Ess:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimetta                       :S:Abe:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimet                         :P:Nom:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimien                        :P:Gen:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisinten                        :P:Gen:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimia                         :P:Par:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimista                       :P:Ela:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimille                       :P:All:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimina                        :P:Ess:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimin                         :P:Ins:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaisimine                        :P:Kom:                   yleisvalaisin
yleisvalaistus                          :S:Nom:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksen                       :S:Gen:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistusta                        :S:Par:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistukseen                      :S:Ill:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksella                     :S:Ade:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistukselta                     :S:Abl:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistukselle                     :S:All:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksena                      :S:Ess:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistukset                       :P:Nom:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistusten                       :P:Gen:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksia                       :P:Par:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksille                     :P:All:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvalaistuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yleisvalaistus
yleisvointi                             :S:Nom:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnin                            :S:Gen:                   yleisvointi
yleisvointia                            :S:Par:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnissa                          :S:Ine:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnista                          :S:Ela:                   yleisvointi
yleisvointiin                           :S:Ill:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnilla                          :S:Ade:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnilta                          :S:Abl:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnille                          :S:All:                   yleisvointi
yleisvointina                           :S:Ess:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinniksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnitta                          :S:Abe:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnit                            :P:Nom:                   yleisvointi
yleisvointien                           :P:Gen:                   yleisvointi
yleisvointeja                           :P:Par:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinneissa                         :P:Ine:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinneista                         :P:Ela:                   yleisvointi
yleisvointeihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinneilla                         :P:Ade:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinneilta                         :P:Abl:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinneille                         :P:All:                   yleisvointi
yleisvointeina                          :P:Ess:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinnein                           :P:Ins:                   yleisvointi
yleisvoinneitta                         :P:Abe:                   yleisvointi
yleisvointeine                          :P:Kom:                   yleisvointi
yleisväri                               :S:Nom:                   yleisväri
yleisvärin                              :S:Gen:                   yleisväri
yleisväriä                              :S:Par:                   yleisväri
yleisvärissä                            :S:Ine:                   yleisväri
yleisväristä                            :S:Ela:                   yleisväri
yleisväriin                             :S:Ill:                   yleisväri
yleisvärillä                            :S:Ade:                   yleisväri
yleisväriltä                            :S:Abl:                   yleisväri
yleisvärille                            :S:All:                   yleisväri
yleisvärinä                             :S:Ess:                   yleisväri
yleisväriksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleisväri
yleisvärittä                            :S:Abe:                   yleisväri
yleisvärit                              :P:Nom:                   yleisväri
yleisvärien                             :P:Gen:                   yleisväri
yleisvärejä                             :P:Par:                   yleisväri
yleisväreissä                           :P:Ine:                   yleisväri
yleisväreistä                           :P:Ela:                   yleisväri
yleisväreihin                           :P:Ill:                   yleisväri
yleisväreillä                           :P:Ade:                   yleisväri
yleisväreiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yleisväri
yleisväreille                           :P:All:                   yleisväri
yleisväreinä                            :P:Ess:                   yleisväri
yleisväreiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleisväri
yleisvärein                             :P:Ins:                   yleisväri
yleisväreittä                           :P:Abe:                   yleisväri
yleisväreine                            :P:Kom:                   yleisväri
yleisyys                                :S:Nom:                   yleisyys
yleisyyden                              :S:Gen:                   yleisyys
yleisyyttä                              :S:Par:                   yleisyys
yleisyydessä                            :S:Ine:                   yleisyys
yleisyydestä                            :S:Ela:                   yleisyys
yleisyyteen                             :S:Ill:                   yleisyys
yleisyydellä                            :S:Ade:                   yleisyys
yleisyydeltä                            :S:Abl:                   yleisyys
yleisyydelle                            :S:All:                   yleisyys
yleisyytenä                             :S:Ess:                   yleisyys
yleisyydeksi                            :S:Tra:                   yleisyys
yleisyyttä                              :S:Abe:                   yleisyys
yleisyydet                              :P:Nom:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksien                            :P:Gen:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksiä                             :P:Par:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksissä                           :P:Ine:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksistä                           :P:Ela:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksiin                            :P:Ill:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksillä                           :P:Ade:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksille                           :P:All:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksinä                            :P:Ess:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksin                             :P:Ins:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksittä                           :P:Abe:                   yleisyys
yleisyyksine                            :P:Kom:                   yleisyys
yleisö                                  :S:Nom:                   yleisö
yleisön                                 :S:Gen:                   yleisö
yleisöä                                 :S:Par:                   yleisö
yleisössä                               :S:Ine:                   yleisö
yleisöstä                               :S:Ela:                   yleisö
yleisöön                                :S:Ill:                   yleisö
yleisöllä                               :S:Ade:                   yleisö
yleisöltä                               :S:Abl:                   yleisö
yleisölle                               :S:All:                   yleisö
yleisönä                                :S:Ess:                   yleisö
yleisöksi                               :S:Tra:                   yleisö
yleisöttä                               :S:Abe:                   yleisö
yleisöt                                 :P:Nom:                   yleisö
yleisöjen                               :P:Gen:                   yleisö
yleisöiden                              :P:Gen:                   yleisö
yleisöitten                             :P:Gen:                   yleisö
yleisöjä                                :P:Par:                   yleisö
yleisöitä                               :P:Par:                   yleisö
yleisöissä                              :P:Ine:                   yleisö
yleisöistä                              :P:Ela:                   yleisö
yleisöihin                              :P:Ill:                   yleisö
yleisöillä                              :P:Ade:                   yleisö
yleisöiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yleisö
yleisöille                              :P:All:                   yleisö
yleisöinä                               :P:Ess:                   yleisö
yleisöiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yleisö
yleisöin                                :P:Ins:                   yleisö
yleisöittä                              :P:Abe:                   yleisö
yleisöine                               :P:Kom:                   yleisö
yleisöennätys                           :S:Nom:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksen                        :S:Gen:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätystä                         :S:Par:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätykseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätykselle                      :S:All:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätykset                        :P:Nom:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätysten                        :P:Gen:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksille                      :P:All:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöennätyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisöennätys
yleisöesiintyminen                      :S:Nom:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisen                      :S:Gen:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymistä                      :S:Par:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisessä                    :S:Ine:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisestä                    :S:Ela:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymiseen                     :S:Ill:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisellä                    :S:Ade:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymiseltä                    :S:Abl:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymiselle                    :S:All:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisenä                     :S:Ess:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymiseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisettä                    :S:Abe:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymiset                      :P:Nom:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisten                     :P:Gen:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisin                      :P:Gen:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisiä                      :P:Par:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisissä                    :P:Ine:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisistä                    :P:Ela:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisillä                    :P:Ade:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisille                    :P:All:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisinä                     :P:Ess:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisin                      :P:Ins:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisittä                    :P:Abe:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesiintymisine                     :P:Kom:                   yleisöesiintyminen
yleisöesitys                            :S:Nom:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksen                         :S:Gen:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesitystä                          :S:Par:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksessä                       :S:Ine:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksestä                       :S:Ela:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesitykseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksellä                       :S:Ade:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesitykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesitykselle                       :S:All:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksenä                        :S:Ess:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesitykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksettä                       :S:Abe:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesitykset                         :P:Nom:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesitysten                         :P:Gen:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksien                        :P:Gen:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksiä                         :P:Par:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksille                       :P:All:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksin                         :P:Ins:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yleisöesitys
yleisöesityksine                        :P:Kom:                   yleisöesitys
yleisökato                              :S:Nom:                   yleisökato
yleisökadon                             :S:Gen:                   yleisökato
yleisökatoa                             :S:Par:                   yleisökato
yleisökadossa                           :S:Ine:                   yleisökato
yleisökadosta                           :S:Ela:                   yleisökato
yleisökatoon                            :S:Ill:                   yleisökato
yleisökadolla                           :S:Ade:                   yleisökato
yleisökadolta                           :S:Abl:                   yleisökato
yleisökadolle                           :S:All:                   yleisökato
yleisökatona                            :S:Ess:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleisökato
yleisökadotta                           :S:Abe:                   yleisökato
yleisökadot                             :P:Nom:                   yleisökato
yleisökatojen                           :P:Gen:                   yleisökato
yleisökatoja                            :P:Par:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoista                          :P:Ela:                   yleisökato
yleisökatoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoille                          :P:All:                   yleisökato
yleisökatoina                           :P:Ess:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoin                            :P:Ins:                   yleisökato
yleisökadoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleisökato
yleisökatoine                           :P:Kom:                   yleisökato
yleisökilpailu                          :S:Nom:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailun                         :S:Gen:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailua                         :S:Par:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailussa                       :S:Ine:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailusta                       :S:Ela:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuun                        :S:Ill:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailulla                       :S:Ade:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailulta                       :S:Abl:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailulle                       :S:All:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuna                        :S:Ess:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailutta                       :S:Abe:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailut                         :P:Nom:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailujen                       :P:Gen:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuiden                      :P:Gen:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuitten                     :P:Gen:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuja                        :P:Par:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuita                       :P:Par:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuista                      :P:Ela:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuihin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuille                      :P:All:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuina                       :P:Ess:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökilpailuine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisökilpailu
yleisökirje                             :S:Nom:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeen                           :S:Gen:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjettä                          :S:Par:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeessä                         :S:Ine:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeestä                         :S:Ela:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeellä                         :S:Ade:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeelle                         :S:All:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeenä                          :S:Ess:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeettä                         :S:Abe:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeet                           :P:Nom:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeiden                         :P:Gen:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeitten                        :P:Gen:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeitä                          :P:Par:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeissä                         :P:Ine:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeistä                         :P:Ela:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeillä                         :P:Ade:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeille                         :P:All:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeinä                          :P:Ess:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjein                           :P:Ins:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeittä                         :P:Abe:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjeine                          :P:Kom:                   yleisökirje
yleisökirjoitus                         :S:Nom:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksen                      :S:Gen:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoitusta                       :S:Par:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksessa                    :S:Ine:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksesta                    :S:Ela:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoitukseen                     :S:Ill:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksella                    :S:Ade:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoitukselta                    :S:Abl:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoitukselle                    :S:All:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksena                     :S:Ess:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoitukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksetta                    :S:Abe:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoitukset                      :P:Nom:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoitusten                      :P:Gen:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksien                     :P:Gen:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksia                      :P:Par:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksista                    :P:Ela:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksille                    :P:All:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksina                     :P:Ess:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksin                      :P:Ins:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökirjoituksine                     :P:Kom:                   yleisökirjoitus
yleisökysymys                           :S:Nom:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksen                        :S:Gen:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymystä                         :S:Par:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksessä                      :S:Ine:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksestä                      :S:Ela:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymykseen                       :S:Ill:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksellä                      :S:Ade:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymykseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymykselle                      :S:All:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksenä                       :S:Ess:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymykseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksettä                      :S:Abe:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymykset                        :P:Nom:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymysten                        :P:Gen:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksien                       :P:Gen:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksiä                        :P:Par:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksille                      :P:All:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   yleisökysymys
yleisökysymyksine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisökysymys
yleisölaji                              :S:Nom:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajin                             :S:Gen:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajia                             :S:Par:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajissa                           :S:Ine:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajista                           :S:Ela:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajiin                            :S:Ill:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajilla                           :S:Ade:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajilta                           :S:Abl:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajille                           :S:All:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajina                            :S:Ess:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajiksi                           :S:Tra:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajitta                           :S:Abe:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajit                             :P:Nom:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajien                            :P:Gen:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeja                            :P:Par:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeissa                          :P:Ine:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeista                          :P:Ela:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeihin                          :P:Ill:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeilla                          :P:Ade:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeilta                          :P:Abl:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeille                          :P:All:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeina                           :P:Ess:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajein                            :P:Ins:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeitta                          :P:Abe:                   yleisölaji
yleisölajeine                           :P:Kom:                   yleisölaji
yleisölehteri                           :S:Nom:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterin                          :S:Gen:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehteriä                          :S:Par:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterissä                        :S:Ine:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehteristä                        :S:Ela:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehteriin                         :S:Ill:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterillä                        :S:Ade:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehteriltä                        :S:Abl:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterille                        :S:All:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterinä                         :S:Ess:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehteriksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterittä                        :S:Abe:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterit                          :P:Nom:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterien                         :P:Gen:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereiden                       :P:Gen:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereitten                      :P:Gen:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterejä                         :P:Par:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereitä                        :P:Par:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereissä                       :P:Ine:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereistä                       :P:Ela:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereihin                       :P:Ill:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereillä                       :P:Ade:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereille                       :P:All:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereinä                        :P:Ess:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehterein                         :P:Ins:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereittä                       :P:Abe:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölehtereine                        :P:Kom:                   yleisölehteri
yleisölennätys                          :S:Nom:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksen                       :S:Gen:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätystä                        :S:Par:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksessä                     :S:Ine:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksestä                     :S:Ela:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätykseen                      :S:Ill:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksellä                     :S:Ade:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätykselle                     :S:All:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksenä                      :S:Ess:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksettä                     :S:Abe:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätykset                       :P:Nom:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätysten                       :P:Gen:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksien                      :P:Gen:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksiä                       :P:Par:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksille                     :P:All:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksin                       :P:Ins:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yleisölennätys
yleisölennätyksine                      :P:Kom:                   yleisölennätys
yleisöluistelu                          :S:Nom:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelun                         :S:Gen:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelua                         :S:Par:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelussa                       :S:Ine:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelusta                       :S:Ela:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluun                        :S:Ill:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelulla                       :S:Ade:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelulta                       :S:Abl:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelulle                       :S:All:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluna                        :S:Ess:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelutta                       :S:Abe:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelut                         :P:Nom:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluistelujen                       :P:Gen:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluiden                      :P:Gen:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluitten                     :P:Gen:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluja                        :P:Par:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluita                       :P:Par:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluista                      :P:Ela:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluihin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluille                      :P:All:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluina                       :P:Ess:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisöluisteluine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisöluistelu
yleisömassa                             :S:Nom:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassan                            :S:Gen:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassaa                            :S:Par:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassassa                          :S:Ine:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassasta                          :S:Ela:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassaan                           :S:Ill:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassalla                          :S:Ade:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassalta                          :S:Abl:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassalle                          :S:All:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassana                           :S:Ess:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassatta                          :S:Abe:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassat                            :P:Nom:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassojen                          :P:Gen:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassain                           :P:Gen:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoja                           :P:Par:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoista                         :P:Ela:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoille                         :P:All:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoina                          :P:Ess:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoin                           :P:Ins:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yleisömassa
yleisömassoine                          :P:Kom:                   yleisömassa
yleisömenestys                          :S:Nom:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksen                       :S:Gen:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestystä                        :S:Par:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksessä                     :S:Ine:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksestä                     :S:Ela:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestykseen                      :S:Ill:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksellä                     :S:Ade:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestykselle                     :S:All:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksenä                      :S:Ess:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksettä                     :S:Abe:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestykset                       :P:Nom:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestysten                       :P:Gen:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksien                      :P:Gen:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksiä                       :P:Par:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksille                     :P:All:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksin                       :P:Ins:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömenestyksine                      :P:Kom:                   yleisömenestys
yleisömuuri                             :S:Nom:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurin                            :S:Gen:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuuria                            :S:Par:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurissa                          :S:Ine:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurista                          :S:Ela:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuuriin                           :S:Ill:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurilla                          :S:Ade:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurilta                          :S:Abl:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurille                          :S:All:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurina                           :S:Ess:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuuriksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuuritta                          :S:Abe:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurit                            :P:Nom:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurien                           :P:Gen:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureja                           :P:Par:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureissa                         :P:Ine:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureista                         :P:Ela:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureilla                         :P:Ade:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureilta                         :P:Abl:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureille                         :P:All:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureina                          :P:Ess:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuurein                           :P:Ins:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureitta                         :P:Abe:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömuureine                          :P:Kom:                   yleisömuuri
yleisömäärä                             :S:Nom:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärän                            :S:Gen:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärää                            :S:Par:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärässä                          :S:Ine:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärästä                          :S:Ela:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärään                           :S:Ill:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärällä                          :S:Ade:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärältä                          :S:Abl:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärälle                          :S:All:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömääränä                           :S:Ess:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömääräksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärättä                          :S:Abe:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärät                            :P:Nom:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärien                           :P:Gen:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömääräin                           :P:Gen:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömääriä                            :P:Par:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärissä                          :P:Ine:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömääristä                          :P:Ela:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömääriin                           :P:Ill:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärillä                          :P:Ade:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömääriltä                          :P:Abl:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärille                          :P:All:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärinä                           :P:Ess:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömääriksi                          :P:Tra:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärin                            :P:Ins:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärittä                          :P:Abe:                   yleisömäärä
yleisömäärine                           :P:Kom:                   yleisömäärä
yleisönosasto                           :S:Nom:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosaston                          :S:Gen:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoa                          :S:Par:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastossa                        :S:Ine:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastosta                        :S:Ela:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoon                         :S:Ill:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastolla                        :S:Ade:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastolta                        :S:Abl:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastolle                        :S:All:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastona                         :S:Ess:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoksi                        :S:Tra:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastotta                        :S:Abe:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastot                          :P:Nom:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastojen                        :P:Gen:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoiden                       :P:Gen:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoitten                      :P:Gen:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoja                         :P:Par:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoita                        :P:Par:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoista                       :P:Ela:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoille                       :P:All:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoina                        :P:Ess:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoin                         :P:Ins:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastoine                        :P:Kom:                   yleisönosasto
yleisönosastokirjoitus                  :S:Nom:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksen               :S:Gen:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoitusta                :S:Par:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksessa             :S:Ine:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksesta             :S:Ela:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoitukseen              :S:Ill:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksella             :S:Ade:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoitukselta             :S:Abl:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoitukselle             :S:All:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksena              :S:Ess:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoitukseksi             :S:Tra:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksetta             :S:Abe:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoitukset               :P:Nom:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoitusten               :P:Gen:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksien              :P:Gen:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksia               :P:Par:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksissa             :P:Ine:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksista             :P:Ela:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksiin              :P:Ill:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksilla             :P:Ade:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksilta             :P:Abl:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksille             :P:All:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksina              :P:Ess:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksiksi             :P:Tra:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksin               :P:Ins:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksitta             :P:Abe:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönosastokirjoituksine              :P:Kom:                   yleisönosastokirjoitus
yleisönpalvelu                          :S:Nom:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelun                         :S:Gen:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelua                         :S:Par:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelussa                       :S:Ine:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelusta                       :S:Ela:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluun                        :S:Ill:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelulla                       :S:Ade:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelulta                       :S:Abl:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelulle                       :S:All:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluna                        :S:Ess:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelutta                       :S:Abe:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelut                         :P:Nom:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalvelujen                       :P:Gen:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluiden                      :P:Gen:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluitten                     :P:Gen:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluja                        :P:Par:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluita                       :P:Par:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluissa                      :P:Ine:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluista                      :P:Ela:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluihin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluilla                      :P:Ade:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluilta                      :P:Abl:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluille                      :P:All:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluina                       :P:Ess:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluin                        :P:Ins:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluitta                      :P:Abe:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisönpalveluine                       :P:Kom:                   yleisönpalvelu
yleisöpuhelin                           :S:Nom:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimen                         :S:Gen:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelinta                         :S:Par:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimessa                       :S:Ine:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimesta                       :S:Ela:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimeen                        :S:Ill:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimella                       :S:Ade:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimelta                       :S:Abl:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimelle                       :S:All:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimena                        :S:Ess:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimeksi                       :S:Tra:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimetta                       :S:Abe:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimet                         :P:Nom:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimien                        :P:Gen:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelinten                        :P:Gen:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimia                         :P:Par:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimissa                       :P:Ine:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimista                       :P:Ela:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimilla                       :P:Ade:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimilta                       :P:Abl:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimille                       :P:All:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimina                        :P:Ess:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimin                         :P:Ins:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimitta                       :P:Abe:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisöpuhelimine                        :P:Kom:                   yleisöpuhelin
yleisötilaisuus                         :S:Nom:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuutta                       :S:Par:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuudelle                     :S:All:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksille                    :P:All:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisötilaisuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yleisötilaisuus
yleisövihje                             :S:Nom:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeen                           :S:Gen:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjettä                          :S:Par:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeessä                         :S:Ine:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeestä                         :S:Ela:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeellä                         :S:Ade:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeelle                         :S:All:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeenä                          :S:Ess:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeettä                         :S:Abe:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeet                           :P:Nom:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeiden                         :P:Gen:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeitten                        :P:Gen:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeitä                          :P:Par:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeissä                         :P:Ine:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeistä                         :P:Ela:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeillä                         :P:Ade:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeille                         :P:All:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeinä                          :P:Ess:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjein                           :P:Ins:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeittä                         :P:Abe:                   yleisövihje
yleisövihjeine                          :P:Kom:                   yleisövihje
yleisövirta                             :S:Nom:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirran                            :S:Gen:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtaa                            :S:Par:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirrassa                          :S:Ine:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirrasta                          :S:Ela:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtaan                           :S:Ill:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirralla                          :S:Ade:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirralta                          :S:Abl:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirralle                          :S:All:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtana                           :S:Ess:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirraksi                          :S:Tra:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirratta                          :S:Abe:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirrat                            :P:Nom:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtojen                          :P:Gen:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtain                           :P:Gen:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtoja                           :P:Par:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirroissa                         :P:Ine:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirroista                         :P:Ela:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirroilla                         :P:Ade:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirroilta                         :P:Abl:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirroille                         :P:All:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtoina                          :P:Ess:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirroiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirroin                           :P:Ins:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirroitta                         :P:Abe:                   yleisövirta
yleisövirtoine                          :P:Kom:                   yleisövirta
yleisöäänestys                          :S:Nom:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksen                       :S:Gen:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestystä                        :S:Par:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksessä                     :S:Ine:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksestä                     :S:Ela:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestykseen                      :S:Ill:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksellä                     :S:Ade:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestykselle                     :S:All:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksenä                      :S:Ess:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksettä                     :S:Abe:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestykset                       :P:Nom:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestysten                       :P:Gen:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksien                      :P:Gen:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksiä                       :P:Par:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksille                     :P:All:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksin                       :P:Ins:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yleisöäänestys
yleisöäänestyksine                      :P:Kom:                   yleisöäänestys
ylellinen                               :S:Nom:                   ylellinen
ylellisen                               :S:Gen:                   ylellinen
ylellistä                               :S:Par:                   ylellinen
ylellisessä                             :S:Ine:                   ylellinen
ylellisestä                             :S:Ela:                   ylellinen
ylelliseen                              :S:Ill:                   ylellinen
ylellisellä                             :S:Ade:                   ylellinen
ylelliseltä                             :S:Abl:                   ylellinen
ylelliselle                             :S:All:                   ylellinen
ylellisenä                              :S:Ess:                   ylellinen
ylelliseksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylellinen
ylellisettä                             :S:Abe:                   ylellinen
ylelliset                               :P:Nom:                   ylellinen
ylellisten                              :P:Gen:                   ylellinen
ylellisin                               :P:Gen:                   ylellinen
ylellisiä                               :P:Par:                   ylellinen
ylellisissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylellinen
ylellisistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylellinen
ylellisiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylellinen
ylellisillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylellinen
ylellisiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylellinen
ylellisille                             :P:All:                   ylellinen
ylellisinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylellinen
ylellisiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylellinen
ylellisin                               :P:Ins:                   ylellinen
ylellisittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylellinen
ylellisine                              :P:Kom:                   ylellinen
ylellistyn                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyt                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyy                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistymme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistytte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyvät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistytään                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellisty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellisty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellisty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellisty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellisty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellisty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistytä                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellistyin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyi                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyivät                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellistynen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylellistyä
ylellistynet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistynee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistynemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistynette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistynevät                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyttäneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyttäne                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellistyisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyisivät                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyttäisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyttäisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellisty                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyköön                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistykäämme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistykää                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistykööt                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyttäköön                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellisty                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyttäkö                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistyä                              :Inf1:                    ylellistyä
ylellistyäkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ylellistyä
ylellistyessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylellistyä
ylellistyttäessä                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylellistyä
ylellistyen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylellistyä
ylellistymässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylellistyä
ylellistymästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylellistyä
ylellistymään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylellistyä
ylellistymällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylellistyä
ylellistymättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylellistyä
ylellistymän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylellistyä
ylellistyttämän                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylellistyä
ylellistyminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ylellistyä
ylellistymistä                          :Inf4:Par:                ylellistyä
ylellistymäisillään                     :Inf5:                    ylellistyä
ylellistyvä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylellistyä
ylellistyttävä                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistymä                             :Cip:Age:                 ylellistyä
ylellistymätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylellistyä
ylellistynyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistyneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylellistyä
ylellistytty                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylellistyä
ylellisyys                              :S:Nom:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyden                            :S:Gen:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyttä                            :S:Par:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyydessä                          :S:Ine:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyydestä                          :S:Ela:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyteen                           :S:Ill:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyydellä                          :S:Ade:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyydeltä                          :S:Abl:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyydelle                          :S:All:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyytenä                           :S:Ess:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyydeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyttä                            :S:Abe:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyydet                            :P:Nom:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksien                          :P:Gen:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksiä                           :P:Par:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksille                         :P:All:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksin                           :P:Ins:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyyksine                          :P:Kom:                   ylellisyys
ylellisyysesine                         :S:Nom:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineen                       :S:Gen:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesinettä                      :S:Par:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineessä                     :S:Ine:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineestä                     :S:Ela:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineeseen                    :S:Ill:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineellä                     :S:Ade:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineeltä                     :S:Abl:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineelle                     :S:All:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineenä                      :S:Ess:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineeksi                     :S:Tra:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineettä                     :S:Abe:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineet                       :P:Nom:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineiden                     :P:Gen:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineitten                    :P:Gen:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineitä                      :P:Par:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineissä                     :P:Ine:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineistä                     :P:Ela:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineisiin                    :P:Ill:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineillä                     :P:Ade:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineille                     :P:All:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineinä                      :P:Ess:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesinein                       :P:Ins:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineittä                     :P:Abe:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyysesineine                      :P:Kom:                   ylellisyysesine
ylellisyystavara                        :S:Nom:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaran                       :S:Gen:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaraa                       :S:Par:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavarassa                     :S:Ine:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavarasta                     :S:Ela:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaraan                      :S:Ill:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaralla                     :S:Ade:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaralta                     :S:Abl:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaralle                     :S:All:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavarana                      :S:Ess:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaraksi                     :S:Tra:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaratta                     :S:Abe:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavarat                       :P:Nom:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroiden                    :P:Gen:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroitten                   :P:Gen:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavarain                      :P:Gen:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroita                     :P:Par:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroissa                    :P:Ine:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroista                    :P:Ela:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroihin                    :P:Ill:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroilla                    :P:Ade:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroilta                    :P:Abl:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroille                    :P:All:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroina                     :P:Ess:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroin                      :P:Ins:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroitta                    :P:Abe:                   ylellisyystavara
ylellisyystavaroine                     :P:Kom:                   ylellisyystavara
ylemmyydentunne                         :S:Nom:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteen                       :S:Gen:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunnetta                      :S:Par:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteessa                     :S:Ine:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteesta                     :S:Ela:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteeseen                    :S:Ill:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteella                     :S:Ade:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteelta                     :S:Abl:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteelle                     :S:All:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteena                      :S:Ess:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteeksi                     :S:Tra:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteetta                     :S:Abe:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteet                       :P:Nom:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteiden                     :P:Gen:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunneitten                    :P:Gen:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteita                      :P:Par:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteista                     :P:Ela:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteisiin                    :P:Ill:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteille                     :P:All:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteina                      :P:Ess:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentuntein                       :P:Ins:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunteine                      :P:Kom:                   ylemmyydentunne
ylemmyydentunto                         :S:Nom:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnon                        :S:Gen:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntoa                        :S:Par:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnossa                      :S:Ine:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnosta                      :S:Ela:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntoon                       :S:Ill:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnolla                      :S:Ade:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnolta                      :S:Abl:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnolle                      :S:All:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntona                       :S:Ess:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnotta                      :S:Abe:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnot                        :P:Nom:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntojen                      :P:Gen:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntoja                       :P:Par:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoista                     :P:Ela:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntoihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoille                     :P:All:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntoina                      :P:Ess:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoin                       :P:Ins:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentunnoitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntoine                      :P:Kom:                   ylemmyydentunto
ylemmyydentuntoinen                     :S:Nom:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisen                     :S:Gen:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoista                     :S:Par:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisessa                   :S:Ine:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisesta                   :S:Ela:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoiseen                    :S:Ill:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisella                   :S:Ade:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoiselta                   :S:Abl:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoiselle                   :S:All:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisena                    :S:Ess:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoiseksi                   :S:Tra:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisetta                   :S:Abe:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoiset                     :P:Nom:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisten                    :P:Gen:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisin                     :P:Gen:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisia                     :P:Par:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisissa                   :P:Ine:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisista                   :P:Ela:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisiin                    :P:Ill:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisilla                   :P:Ade:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisilta                   :P:Abl:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisille                   :P:All:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisina                    :P:Ess:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisin                     :P:Ins:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisitta                   :P:Abe:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyydentuntoisine                    :P:Kom:                   ylemmyydentuntoinen
ylemmyys                                :S:Nom:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyden                              :S:Gen:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyttä                              :S:Par:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyydessä                            :S:Ine:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyydestä                            :S:Ela:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyteen                             :S:Ill:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyydellä                            :S:Ade:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyydeltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyydelle                            :S:All:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyytenä                             :S:Ess:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyydeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyttä                              :S:Abe:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyydet                              :P:Nom:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksien                            :P:Gen:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksiä                             :P:Par:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksissä                           :P:Ine:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksistä                           :P:Ela:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksillä                           :P:Ade:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksille                           :P:All:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksinä                            :P:Ess:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksin                             :P:Ins:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksittä                           :P:Abe:                   ylemmyys
ylemmyyksine                            :P:Kom:                   ylemmyys
ylempi                                  :S:Nom:                   ylempi
ylemmän                                 :S:Gen:                   ylempi
ylempää                                 :S:Par:                   ylempi
ylemmässä                               :S:Ine:                   ylempi
ylemmästä                               :S:Ela:                   ylempi
ylempään                                :S:Ill:                   ylempi
ylemmällä                               :S:Ade:                   ylempi
ylemmältä                               :S:Abl:                   ylempi
ylemmälle                               :S:All:                   ylempi
ylempänä                                :S:Ess:                   ylempi
ylemmäksi                               :S:Tra:                   ylempi
ylemmättä                               :S:Abe:                   ylempi
ylemmät                                 :P:Nom:                   ylempi
ylempien                                :P:Gen:                   ylempi
ylempäin                                :P:Gen:                   ylempi
ylempiä                                 :P:Par:                   ylempi
ylemmissä                               :P:Ine:                   ylempi
ylemmistä                               :P:Ela:                   ylempi
ylempiin                                :P:Ill:                   ylempi
ylemmillä                               :P:Ade:                   ylempi
ylemmiltä                               :P:Abl:                   ylempi
ylemmille                               :P:All:                   ylempi
ylempinä                                :P:Ess:                   ylempi
ylemmiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ylempi
ylemmin                                 :P:Ins:                   ylempi
ylemmittä                               :P:Abe:                   ylempi
ylempine                                :P:Kom:                   ylempi
ylempiarvoinen                          :S:Nom:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisen                          :S:Gen:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoista                          :S:Par:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisessa                        :S:Ine:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisesta                        :S:Ela:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoiseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisella                        :S:Ade:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoiselta                        :S:Abl:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoiselle                        :S:All:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisena                         :S:Ess:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisetta                        :S:Abe:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoiset                          :P:Nom:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisten                         :P:Gen:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisin                          :P:Gen:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisia                          :P:Par:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisista                        :P:Ela:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisille                        :P:All:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisina                         :P:Ess:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisin                          :P:Ins:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylempiarvoisine                         :P:Kom:                   ylempiarvoinen
ylenannatan                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatamme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatatte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattavat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatetaan                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannata                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannata                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannata                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannata                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannata                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannata                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannateta                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannatin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatti                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannattanen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettaneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettane                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettaisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettaisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannata                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattakaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattakaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattakoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannata                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettako                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattaa                            :Inf1:                    ylenannattaa
ylenannattaakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  ylenannattaa
ylenannattaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylenannattaa
ylenannatettaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylenannattaa
ylenannattaen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylenannattaa
ylenannattamassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylenannattaa
ylenannattamasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylenannattaa
ylenannattamaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylenannattaa
ylenannattamalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylenannattaa
ylenannattamatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylenannattaa
ylenannattaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylenannattaa
ylenannatettaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylenannattaa
ylenannattaminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                ylenannattaa
ylenannattamista                        :Inf4:Par:                ylenannattaa
ylenannattamaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    ylenannattaa
ylenannattava                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylenannattaa
ylenannatettava                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattama                           :Cip:Age:                 ylenannattaa
ylenannattamaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylenannattaa
ylenannattanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannattaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenannattaa
ylenannatettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenannattaa
ylenannan                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenantaa
ylenannat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenannamme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenannatte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantavat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannetaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenanna                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenanna                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenanna                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenanna                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenanna                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenanna                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenanneta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenannoin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylenantaa
ylenannoit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantoi                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenannoimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenannoitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantoivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenantanen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenantaa
ylenantanet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantanee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenantanemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenantanette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantanevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantane                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenantaisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenantaa
ylenantaisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenantaisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenantaisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantaisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenanna                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantakoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenantakaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenantakaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantakoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenanna                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantako                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantaa                               :Inf1:                    ylenantaa
ylenantaakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ylenantaa
ylenantaessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylenantaa
ylenannettaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylenantaa
ylenantaen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylenantaa
ylenantamassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylenantaa
ylenantamasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylenantaa
ylenantamaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylenantaa
ylenantamalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylenantaa
ylenantamatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylenantaa
ylenantaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylenantaa
ylenannettaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylenantaa
ylenantaminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                ylenantaa
ylenantamista                           :Inf4:Par:                ylenantaa
ylenantamaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    ylenantaa
ylenantava                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylenantaa
ylenannettava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantama                              :Cip:Age:                 ylenantaa
ylenantamaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylenantaa
ylenantanut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenantaneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenantaa
ylenannettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenantaa
ylenkatse                               :S:Nom:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseen                             :S:Gen:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatsetta                            :S:Par:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseeseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseella                           :S:Ade:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseelta                           :S:Abl:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseelle                           :S:All:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseena                            :S:Ess:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseetta                           :S:Abe:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseet                             :P:Nom:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseiden                           :P:Gen:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseitten                          :P:Gen:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseita                            :P:Par:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseista                           :P:Ela:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseihin                           :P:Ill:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseille                           :P:All:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseina                            :P:Ess:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatsein                             :P:Ins:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseine                            :P:Kom:                   ylenkatse
ylenkatseellinen                        :S:Nom:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisen                        :S:Gen:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellista                        :S:Par:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisessa                      :S:Ine:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisesta                      :S:Ela:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseelliseen                       :S:Ill:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisella                      :S:Ade:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseelliselta                      :S:Abl:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseelliselle                      :S:All:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisena                       :S:Ess:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseelliseksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisetta                      :S:Abe:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseelliset                        :P:Nom:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisten                       :P:Gen:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisin                        :P:Gen:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisia                        :P:Par:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisista                      :P:Ela:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisille                      :P:All:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisina                       :P:Ess:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisin                        :P:Ins:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisine                       :P:Kom:                   ylenkatseellinen
ylenkatseellisuus                       :S:Nom:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuden                     :S:Gen:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuutta                     :S:Par:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuudessa                   :S:Ine:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuudesta                   :S:Ela:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuteen                    :S:Ill:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuudella                   :S:Ade:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuudelta                   :S:Abl:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuudelle                   :S:All:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuutena                    :S:Ess:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuudeksi                   :S:Tra:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuutta                     :S:Abe:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuudet                     :P:Nom:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksien                   :P:Gen:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksia                    :P:Par:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksista                  :P:Ela:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksille                  :P:All:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksina                   :P:Ess:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksin                    :P:Ins:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatseellisuuksine                   :P:Kom:                   ylenkatseellisuus
ylenkatson                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsot                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoo                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsotte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsovat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsotaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatso                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatso                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatso                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatso                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatso                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatso                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsota                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoi                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsone                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsone                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsone                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsone                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsone                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsone                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenkatso                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsokoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsokaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsokaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsokoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatso                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoa                              :Inf1:                    ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsominen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomista                          :Inf4:Par:                ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsova                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoma                             :Cip:Age:                 ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsomaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsonut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsoneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylenkatsoa
ylenkatsottu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylenkatsoa
ylenmääräinen                           :S:Nom:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisen                           :S:Gen:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräistä                           :S:Par:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisessä                         :S:Ine:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisestä                         :S:Ela:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisellä                         :S:Ade:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräiselle                         :S:All:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisenä                          :S:Ess:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisettä                         :S:Abe:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräiset                           :P:Nom:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisten                          :P:Gen:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisin                           :P:Gen:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisiä                           :P:Par:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisille                         :P:All:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisin                           :P:Ins:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylenmääräinen
ylenmääräisine                          :P:Kom:                   ylenmääräinen
ylennys                                 :S:Nom:                   ylennys
ylennyksen                              :S:Gen:                   ylennys
ylennystä                               :S:Par:                   ylennys
ylennyksessä                            :S:Ine:                   ylennys
ylennyksestä                            :S:Ela:                   ylennys
ylennykseen                             :S:Ill:                   ylennys
ylennyksellä                            :S:Ade:                   ylennys
ylennykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylennys
ylennykselle                            :S:All:                   ylennys
ylennyksenä                             :S:Ess:                   ylennys
ylennykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylennys
ylennyksettä                            :S:Abe:                   ylennys
ylennykset                              :P:Nom:                   ylennys
ylennysten                              :P:Gen:                   ylennys
ylennyksien                             :P:Gen:                   ylennys
ylennyksiä                              :P:Par:                   ylennys
ylennyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylennys
ylennyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylennys
ylennyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylennys
ylennyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylennys
ylennyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylennys
ylennyksille                            :P:All:                   ylennys
ylennyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylennys
ylennyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylennys
ylennyksin                              :P:Ins:                   ylennys
ylennyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylennys
ylennyksine                             :P:Kom:                   ylennys
ylennysmerkki                           :S:Nom:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkin                           :S:Gen:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkkiä                          :S:Par:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkissä                         :S:Ine:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkistä                         :S:Ela:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkkiin                         :S:Ill:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkillä                         :S:Ade:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkiltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkille                         :S:All:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkkinä                         :S:Ess:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkiksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkittä                         :S:Abe:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkit                           :P:Nom:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkkien                         :P:Gen:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkkejä                         :P:Par:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkeissä                        :P:Ine:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkeistä                        :P:Ela:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkkeihin                       :P:Ill:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkeillä                        :P:Ade:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkeiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkeille                        :P:All:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkkeinä                        :P:Ess:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkein                          :P:Ins:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkeittä                        :P:Abe:                   ylennysmerkki
ylennysmerkkeine                        :P:Kom:                   ylennysmerkki
ylenpalttinen                           :S:Nom:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisen                           :S:Gen:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttista                           :S:Par:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisessa                         :S:Ine:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisesta                         :S:Ela:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisella                         :S:Ade:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttiselta                         :S:Abl:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttiselle                         :S:All:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisena                          :S:Ess:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisetta                         :S:Abe:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttiset                           :P:Nom:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisten                          :P:Gen:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisin                           :P:Gen:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisia                           :P:Par:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisista                         :P:Ela:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisille                         :P:All:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisina                          :P:Ess:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisin                           :P:Ins:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisine                          :P:Kom:                   ylenpalttinen
ylenpalttisuus                          :S:Nom:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuden                        :S:Gen:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuutta                        :S:Par:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuudella                      :S:Ade:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuudelle                      :S:All:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuutena                       :S:Ess:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuutta                        :S:Abe:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuudet                        :P:Nom:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksia                       :P:Par:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksille                     :P:All:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylenpalttisuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   ylenpalttisuus
ylensyön                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylensyödä
ylensyöt                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensyömme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensyötte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensyövät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyödään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyödä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensöin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylensyödä
ylensöit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensöi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensöimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensöitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensöivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyötiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensyönen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylensyödä
ylensyönet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensyönee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensyönemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensyönette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensyönevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyötäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyöne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyötäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensöisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylensyödä
ylensöisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensöisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensöisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensöisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyötäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensöisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyötäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensyököön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensyökäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensyökää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensyökööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyötäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyökö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyökö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyökö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyökö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyötäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyödä                               :Inf1:                    ylensyödä
ylensyödäkseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ylensyödä
ylensyödessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylensyödä
ylensyötäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylensyödä
ylensyöden                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylensyödä
ylensyömässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylensyödä
ylensyömästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylensyödä
ylensyömään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylensyödä
ylensyömällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylensyödä
ylensyömättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylensyödä
ylensyömän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylensyödä
ylensyötämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylensyödä
ylensyöminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ylensyödä
ylensyömistä                            :Inf4:Par:                ylensyödä
ylensyömäisillään                       :Inf5:                    ylensyödä
ylensyövä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylensyödä
ylensyötävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyömä                               :Cip:Age:                 ylensyödä
ylensyömätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylensyödä
ylensyönyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylensyödä
ylensyöty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylensyödä
ylensyönti                              :S:Nom:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönnin                             :S:Gen:                   ylensyönti
ylensyöntiä                             :S:Par:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönnissä                           :S:Ine:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönnistä                           :S:Ela:                   ylensyönti
ylensyöntiin                            :S:Ill:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönnillä                           :S:Ade:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönniltä                           :S:Abl:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönnille                           :S:All:                   ylensyönti
ylensyöntinä                            :S:Ess:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönniksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönnittä                           :S:Abe:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönnit                             :P:Nom:                   ylensyönti
ylensyöntien                            :P:Gen:                   ylensyönti
ylensyöntejä                            :P:Par:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönneissä                          :P:Ine:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönneistä                          :P:Ela:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönneillä                          :P:Ade:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönneiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönneille                          :P:All:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönteinä                           :P:Ess:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönnein                            :P:Ins:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönneittä                          :P:Abe:                   ylensyönti
ylensyönteine                           :P:Kom:                   ylensyönti
ylennyn                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylentyä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentyy                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylennymme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylennytte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentyvät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennytään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylentyä
ylenny                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylenny                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylenny                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylenny                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylenny                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylenny                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennytä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylennyin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylentyä
ylennyit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentyi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylennyimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylennyitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentyivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennyttiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylentynen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylentyä
ylentynet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentynee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylentynemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylentynette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentynevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennyttäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennyttäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylentyisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylentyä
ylentyisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylentyisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylentyisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentyisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennyttäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennyttäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylenny                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentyköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylentykäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylentykää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentykööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennyttäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylentyä
ylenny                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennyttäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentyä                                 :Inf1:                    ylentyä
ylentyäkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ylentyä
ylentyessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylentyä
ylennyttäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylentyä
ylentyen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylentyä
ylentymässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylentyä
ylentymästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylentyä
ylentymään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylentyä
ylentymällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylentyä
ylentymättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylentyä
ylentymän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylentyä
ylennyttämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylentyä
ylentyminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ylentyä
ylentymistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ylentyä
ylentymäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ylentyä
ylentyvä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylentyä
ylennyttävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentymä                                :Cip:Age:                 ylentyä
ylentymätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylentyä
ylentynyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylentyneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentyä
ylennytty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylentyä
ylennän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylentää
ylennät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylentää                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylennämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylennätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylentävät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylentää
ylennä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentää
ylennä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylennä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylennä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylennä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
ylensin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylentää
ylensit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylensi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylensimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylensitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylensivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
ylentänen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylentää
ylentänet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylentänee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylentänemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylentänette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylentänevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylentää
ylentäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
ylentäisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylentää
ylentäisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylentäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylentäisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylentäisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylentäisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylentää
ylentäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
ylennä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylentäköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylentäkäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylentäkää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylentäkööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylentää
ylennä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylentää
ylentää                                 :Inf1:                    ylentää
ylentääkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ylentää
ylentäessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylentää
ylennettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylentää
ylentäen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylentää
ylentämässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylentää
ylentämästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylentää
ylentämään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylentää
ylentämällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylentää
ylentämättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylentää
ylentämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylentää
ylennettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylentää
ylentäminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ylentää
ylentämistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ylentää
ylentämäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ylentää
ylentävä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylentää
ylennettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylentää
ylennetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylentää
ylentämä                                :Cip:Age:                 ylentää
ylentämätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylentää
ylennetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylentää
ylentänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylentää
ylentäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylentää
ylennetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylentää
yletyn                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylettyä
yletyt                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettyy                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
yletymme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
yletytte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettyvät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletytään                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylettyä
ylety                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylety                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylety                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylety                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylety                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylety                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletytä                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
yletyin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylettyä
yletyit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettyi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
yletyimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
yletyitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettyivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletyttiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletytty                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
ylettynen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylettyä
ylettynet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettynee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
ylettynemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
ylettynette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettynevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletyttäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletyttäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
ylettyisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylettyä
ylettyisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
ylettyisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
ylettyisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettyisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletyttäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletyttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
ylety                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettyköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
ylettykäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
ylettykää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettykööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletyttäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylettyä
ylety                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletyttäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettyä                                 :Inf1:                    ylettyä
ylettyäkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ylettyä
ylettyessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylettyä
yletyttäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylettyä
ylettyen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylettyä
ylettymässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylettyä
ylettymästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylettyä
ylettymään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylettyä
ylettymällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylettyä
ylettymättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylettyä
ylettymän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylettyä
yletyttämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylettyä
ylettyminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ylettyä
ylettymistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ylettyä
ylettymäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ylettyä
ylettyvä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylettyä
yletyttävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylettyä
yletytty                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettymä                                :Cip:Age:                 ylettyä
ylettymätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletytty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletytty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletytty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletytty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletytty                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletytty                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletytty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletytty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylettyä
yletytty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylettyä
ylettynyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettyä
ylettyneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettyä
yletytty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylettyä
yletän                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylettää
yletät                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylettää
ylettää                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylettää
yletämme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylettää
yletätte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettävät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletetään                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylettää
yletä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettää
yletä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
yletä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
yletä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
yletä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
yletä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletetä                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
yletin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylettää
yletit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylettää
yletti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylettää
yletimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylettää
yletitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletetty                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
ylettänen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylettää
ylettänet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylettää
ylettänee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylettää
ylettänemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylettää
ylettänette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettänevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletettäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylettää
ylettäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletettäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
ylettäisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylettää
ylettäisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylettää
ylettäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylettää
ylettäisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylettää
ylettäisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettäisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletettäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylettää
ylettäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletettäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
yletä                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylettää
ylettäköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylettää
ylettäkäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylettää
ylettäkää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettäkööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletettäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylettää
yletä                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletettäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylettää
ylettää                                 :Inf1:                    ylettää
ylettääkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ylettää
ylettäessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylettää
yletettäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylettää
ylettäen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylettää
ylettämässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylettää
ylettämästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylettää
ylettämään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylettää
ylettämällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylettää
ylettämättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylettää
ylettämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylettää
yletettämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylettää
ylettäminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ylettää
ylettämistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ylettää
ylettämäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ylettää
ylettävä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylettää
yletettävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylettää
yletetty                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylettää
ylettämä                                :Cip:Age:                 ylettää
ylettämätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletetty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletetty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletetty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletetty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletetty                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletetty                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletetty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletetty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylettää
yletetty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylettää
ylettänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylettää
ylettäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylettää
yletetty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylettää
ylettömyys                              :S:Nom:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyden                            :S:Gen:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyttä                            :S:Par:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyydessä                          :S:Ine:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyydestä                          :S:Ela:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyteen                           :S:Ill:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyydellä                          :S:Ade:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyydeltä                          :S:Abl:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyydelle                          :S:All:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyytenä                           :S:Ess:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyydeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyttä                            :S:Abe:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyydet                            :P:Nom:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksien                          :P:Gen:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksiä                           :P:Par:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksille                         :P:All:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksin                           :P:Ins:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylettömyys
ylettömyyksine                          :P:Kom:                   ylettömyys
ylenen                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yletä
ylenet                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yletä
ylenee                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylenemme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yletä
ylenette                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yletä
ylenevät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yletä
yletään                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yletä
ylene                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yletä
ylene                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
ylene                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylene                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
ylene                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
ylene                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
yletä                                   :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yletä
ylenin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yletä
ylenit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yletä
yleni                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylenimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yletä
ylenitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yletä
ylenivät                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yletä
ylettiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
yletty                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yletä
ylennen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yletä
ylennet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yletä
ylennee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylennemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yletä
ylennette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yletä
ylennevät                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yletä
ylettäneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yletä
ylenne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yletä
ylenne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
ylenne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylenne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
ylenne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
ylenne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
ylettäne                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yletä
ylenisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yletä
ylenisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yletä
ylenisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylenisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yletä
ylenisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yletä
ylenisivät                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yletä
ylettäisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             yletä
ylenisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yletä
ylenisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
ylenisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylenisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
ylenisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
ylenisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
ylettäisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yletä
ylene                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yletä
yletköön                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yletä
yletkäämme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yletä
yletkää                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yletä
yletkööt                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yletä
ylettäköön                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yletä
ylene                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
yletkö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
yletkö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
yletkö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
yletkö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
ylettäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yletä
yletä                                   :Inf1:                    yletä
yletäkseen                              :Inf1:L:                  yletä
yletessä                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yletä
ylettäessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yletä
yleten                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yletä
ylenemässä                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yletä
ylenemästä                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yletä
ylenemään                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yletä
ylenemällä                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yletä
ylenemättä                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yletä
ylenemän                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yletä
ylettämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yletä
yleneminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                yletä
ylenemistä                              :Inf4:Par:                yletä
ylenemäisillään                         :Inf5:                    yletä
ylenevä                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yletä
ylettävä                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yletä
ylennyt                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             yletä
yletty                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             yletä
ylenemä                                 :Cip:Age:                 yletä
ylenemätön                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yletä
yletty                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
yletty                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yletä
yletty                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
yletty                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yletä
ylennyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yletä
ylennyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yletä
ylennyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yletä
yletty                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             yletä
ylennyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
yletty                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yletä
ylennyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yletä
ylennyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yletä
ylennyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yletä
yletty                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             yletä
ylennyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yletä
ylennyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
yletty                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yletä
ylennyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yletä
ylenneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yletä
yletty                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             yletä
ylennyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yletä
ylenneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yletä
yletty                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yletä
yletön                                  :S:Nom:                   yletön
ylettömän                               :S:Gen:                   yletön
yletöntä                                :S:Par:                   yletön
ylettömässä                             :S:Ine:                   yletön
ylettömästä                             :S:Ela:                   yletön
ylettömään                              :S:Ill:                   yletön
ylettömällä                             :S:Ade:                   yletön
ylettömältä                             :S:Abl:                   yletön
ylettömälle                             :S:All:                   yletön
ylettömänä                              :S:Ess:                   yletön
ylettömäksi                             :S:Tra:                   yletön
ylettömättä                             :S:Abe:                   yletön
ylettömät                               :P:Nom:                   yletön
ylettömien                              :P:Gen:                   yletön
yletönten                               :P:Gen:                   yletön
ylettömiä                               :P:Par:                   yletön
ylettömissä                             :P:Ine:                   yletön
ylettömistä                             :P:Ela:                   yletön
ylettömiin                              :P:Ill:                   yletön
ylettömillä                             :P:Ade:                   yletön
ylettömiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yletön
ylettömille                             :P:All:                   yletön
ylettöminä                              :P:Ess:                   yletön
ylettömiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yletön
ylettömin                               :P:Ins:                   yletön
ylettömittä                             :P:Abe:                   yletön
ylettömine                              :P:Kom:                   yletön
ylevyys                                 :S:Nom:                   ylevyys
ylevyyden                               :S:Gen:                   ylevyys
ylevyyttä                               :S:Par:                   ylevyys
ylevyydessä                             :S:Ine:                   ylevyys
ylevyydestä                             :S:Ela:                   ylevyys
ylevyyteen                              :S:Ill:                   ylevyys
ylevyydellä                             :S:Ade:                   ylevyys
ylevyydeltä                             :S:Abl:                   ylevyys
ylevyydelle                             :S:All:                   ylevyys
ylevyytenä                              :S:Ess:                   ylevyys
ylevyydeksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylevyys
ylevyyttä                               :S:Abe:                   ylevyys
ylevyydet                               :P:Nom:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksien                             :P:Gen:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksiä                              :P:Par:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksille                            :P:All:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksin                              :P:Ins:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylevyys
ylevyyksine                             :P:Kom:                   ylevyys
ylevä                                   :S:Nom:                   ylevä
ylevän                                  :S:Gen:                   ylevä
ylevää                                  :S:Par:                   ylevä
ylevässä                                :S:Ine:                   ylevä
ylevästä                                :S:Ela:                   ylevä
ylevään                                 :S:Ill:                   ylevä
ylevällä                                :S:Ade:                   ylevä
ylevältä                                :S:Abl:                   ylevä
ylevälle                                :S:All:                   ylevä
ylevänä                                 :S:Ess:                   ylevä
yleväksi                                :S:Tra:                   ylevä
ylevättä                                :S:Abe:                   ylevä
ylevät                                  :P:Nom:                   ylevä
ylevien                                 :P:Gen:                   ylevä
yleväin                                 :P:Gen:                   ylevä
yleviä                                  :P:Par:                   ylevä
ylevissä                                :P:Ine:                   ylevä
ylevistä                                :P:Ela:                   ylevä
yleviin                                 :P:Ill:                   ylevä
ylevillä                                :P:Ade:                   ylevä
yleviltä                                :P:Abl:                   ylevä
yleville                                :P:All:                   ylevä
ylevinä                                 :P:Ess:                   ylevä
yleviksi                                :P:Tra:                   ylevä
ylevin                                  :P:Ins:                   ylevä
ylevittä                                :P:Abe:                   ylevä
ylevine                                 :P:Kom:                   ylevä
ylevähenkinen                           :S:Nom:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisen                           :S:Gen:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkistä                           :S:Par:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisessä                         :S:Ine:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisestä                         :S:Ela:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisellä                         :S:Ade:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkiselle                         :S:All:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisenä                          :S:Ess:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisettä                         :S:Abe:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkiset                           :P:Nom:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisten                          :P:Gen:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisin                           :P:Gen:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisiä                           :P:Par:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisille                         :P:All:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisin                           :P:Ins:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevähenkisine                          :P:Kom:                   ylevähenkinen
ylevämielinen                           :S:Nom:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisen                           :S:Gen:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielistä                           :S:Par:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisessä                         :S:Ine:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisestä                         :S:Ela:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämieliseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisellä                         :S:Ade:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämieliseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämieliselle                         :S:All:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisenä                          :S:Ess:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämieliseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisettä                         :S:Abe:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämieliset                           :P:Nom:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisten                          :P:Gen:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisin                           :P:Gen:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisiä                           :P:Par:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisille                         :P:All:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisin                           :P:Ins:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylevämielinen
ylevämielisine                          :P:Kom:                   ylevämielinen
yleväryhtinen                           :S:Nom:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisen                           :S:Gen:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtistä                           :S:Par:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisessä                         :S:Ine:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisestä                         :S:Ela:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisellä                         :S:Ade:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtiselle                         :S:All:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisenä                          :S:Ess:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisettä                         :S:Abe:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtiset                           :P:Nom:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisten                          :P:Gen:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisin                           :P:Gen:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisiä                           :P:Par:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisissä                         :P:Ine:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisistä                         :P:Ela:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisillä                         :P:Ade:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisille                         :P:All:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisinä                          :P:Ess:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisin                           :P:Ins:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisittä                         :P:Abe:                   yleväryhtinen
yleväryhtisine                          :P:Kom:                   yleväryhtinen
ylevätyylinen                           :S:Nom:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisen                           :S:Gen:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylistä                           :S:Par:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisessä                         :S:Ine:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisestä                         :S:Ela:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyyliseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisellä                         :S:Ade:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyyliseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyyliselle                         :S:All:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisenä                          :S:Ess:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyyliseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisettä                         :S:Abe:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyyliset                           :P:Nom:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisten                          :P:Gen:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisin                           :P:Gen:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisiä                           :P:Par:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisille                         :P:All:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisin                           :P:Ins:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevätyylisine                          :P:Kom:                   ylevätyylinen
ylevöin                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöidä
ylevöit                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöimme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöitte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöivät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöidään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöidä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylevöidä
ylevöit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöitiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöinen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöidä
ylevöinet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöinee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöinemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöinette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöinevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöitäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöine                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöitäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöidä
ylevöisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöisivät                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöitäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöitäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöiköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöikäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöikää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöikööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöitäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöi                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöikö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöikö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöikö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöikö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöitäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöidä                                :Inf1:                    ylevöidä
ylevöidäkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ylevöidä
ylevöidessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylevöidä
ylevöitäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylevöidä
ylevöiden                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylevöidä
ylevöimässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylevöidä
ylevöimästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylevöidä
ylevöimään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylevöidä
ylevöimällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylevöidä
ylevöimättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylevöidä
ylevöimän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylevöidä
ylevöitämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylevöidä
ylevöiminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ylevöidä
ylevöimistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ylevöidä
ylevöimäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ylevöidä
ylevöivä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylevöidä
ylevöitävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöimä                                :Cip:Age:                 ylevöidä
ylevöimätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylevöidä
ylevöinyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöineet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöidä
ylevöity                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöidä
ylevöitän                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöittää
ylevöität                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittää                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitämme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöitätte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittävät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitetään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitetä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöitin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylevöittää
ylevöitit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöitti                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöititte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittivät                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöittänen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänevät                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitettäneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitettäne                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöittäisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäisivät                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitettäisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitettäisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöitä                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäkäämme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäkää                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäkööt                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitettäköön                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöitä                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitettäkö                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittää                              :Inf1:                    ylevöittää
ylevöittääkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ylevöittää
ylevöittäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylevöittää
ylevöitettäessä                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylevöittää
ylevöittäen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylevöittää
ylevöittämässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylevöittää
ylevöittämästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylevöittää
ylevöittämään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylevöittää
ylevöittämällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylevöittää
ylevöittämättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylevöittää
ylevöittämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylevöittää
ylevöitettämän                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylevöittää
ylevöittäminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ylevöittää
ylevöittämistä                          :Inf4:Par:                ylevöittää
ylevöittämäisillään                     :Inf5:                    ylevöittää
ylevöittävä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylevöittää
ylevöitettävä                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittämä                             :Cip:Age:                 ylevöittää
ylevöittämätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylevöittää
ylevöittänyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöittäneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöittää
ylevöitetty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöittää
ylevöitys                               :S:Nom:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksen                            :S:Gen:                   ylevöitys
ylevöitystä                             :S:Par:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksessä                          :S:Ine:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksestä                          :S:Ela:                   ylevöitys
ylevöitykseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksellä                          :S:Ade:                   ylevöitys
ylevöitykseltä                          :S:Abl:                   ylevöitys
ylevöitykselle                          :S:All:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksenä                           :S:Ess:                   ylevöitys
ylevöitykseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksettä                          :S:Abe:                   ylevöitys
ylevöitykset                            :P:Nom:                   ylevöitys
ylevöitysten                            :P:Gen:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksien                           :P:Gen:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksiä                            :P:Par:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksissä                          :P:Ine:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksistä                          :P:Ela:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksillä                          :P:Ade:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksille                          :P:All:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksinä                           :P:Ess:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksin                            :P:Ins:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksittä                          :P:Abe:                   ylevöitys
ylevöityksine                           :P:Kom:                   ylevöitys
ylevöidyn                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöityä
ylevöidyt                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityy                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidymme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöidytte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityvät                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidytään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöidy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidytä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylevöidyin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylevöityä
ylevöidyit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityi                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidyimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöidyitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityivät                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidyttiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylevöitynen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynevät                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidyttäneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöityne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidyttäne                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylevöityisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylevöityä
ylevöityisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöityisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöityisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityisivät                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidyttäisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöityisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidyttäisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylevöidy                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityköön                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöitykäämme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöitykää                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöitykööt                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidyttäköön                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöidy                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitykö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitykö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitykö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitykö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidyttäkö                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöityä                               :Inf1:                    ylevöityä
ylevöityäkseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ylevöityä
ylevöityessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylevöityä
ylevöidyttäessä                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylevöityä
ylevöityen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylevöityä
ylevöitymässä                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylevöityä
ylevöitymästä                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylevöityä
ylevöitymään                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylevöityä
ylevöitymällä                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylevöityä
ylevöitymättä                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylevöityä
ylevöitymän                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylevöityä
ylevöidyttämän                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylevöityä
ylevöityminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                ylevöityä
ylevöitymistä                           :Inf4:Par:                ylevöityä
ylevöitymäisillään                      :Inf5:                    ylevöityä
ylevöityvä                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylevöityä
ylevöidyttävä                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöitymä                              :Cip:Age:                 ylevöityä
ylevöitymätön                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylevöityä
ylevöitynyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöityneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylevöityä
ylevöidytty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylevöityä
ylhäinen                                :S:Nom:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisen                                :S:Gen:                   ylhäinen
ylhäistä                                :S:Par:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisessä                              :S:Ine:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisestä                              :S:Ela:                   ylhäinen
ylhäiseen                               :S:Ill:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisellä                              :S:Ade:                   ylhäinen
ylhäiseltä                              :S:Abl:                   ylhäinen
ylhäiselle                              :S:All:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisenä                               :S:Ess:                   ylhäinen
ylhäiseksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisettä                              :S:Abe:                   ylhäinen
ylhäiset                                :P:Nom:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisten                               :P:Gen:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisin                                :P:Gen:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisiä                                :P:Par:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisissä                              :P:Ine:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisistä                              :P:Ela:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisiin                               :P:Ill:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisillä                              :P:Ade:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisiltä                              :P:Abl:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisille                              :P:All:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisinä                               :P:Ess:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisin                                :P:Ins:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisittä                              :P:Abe:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisine                               :P:Kom:                   ylhäinen
ylhäisyys                               :S:Nom:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyden                             :S:Gen:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyttä                             :S:Par:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyydessä                           :S:Ine:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyydestä                           :S:Ela:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyteen                            :S:Ill:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyydellä                           :S:Ade:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyydeltä                           :S:Abl:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyydelle                           :S:All:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyytenä                            :S:Ess:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyydeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyttä                             :S:Abe:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyydet                             :P:Nom:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksien                           :P:Gen:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksiä                            :P:Par:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksissä                          :P:Ine:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksistä                          :P:Ela:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksillä                          :P:Ade:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksille                          :P:All:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksinä                           :P:Ess:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksin                            :P:Ins:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksittä                          :P:Abe:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisyyksine                           :P:Kom:                   ylhäisyys
ylhäisö                                 :S:Nom:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisön                                :S:Gen:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöä                                :S:Par:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisössä                              :S:Ine:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöstä                              :S:Ela:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöön                               :S:Ill:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöllä                              :S:Ade:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöltä                              :S:Abl:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisölle                              :S:All:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisönä                               :S:Ess:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöttä                              :S:Abe:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöt                                :P:Nom:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöjen                              :P:Gen:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöiden                             :P:Gen:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöitten                            :P:Gen:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöjä                               :P:Par:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöitä                              :P:Par:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöihin                             :P:Ill:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöille                             :P:All:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöin                               :P:Ins:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylhäisö
ylhäisöine                              :P:Kom:                   ylhäisö
yliaika                                 :S:Nom:                   yliaika
yliajan                                 :S:Gen:                   yliaika
yliaikaa                                :S:Par:                   yliaika
yliajassa                               :S:Ine:                   yliaika
yliajasta                               :S:Ela:                   yliaika
yliaikaan                               :S:Ill:                   yliaika
yliajalla                               :S:Ade:                   yliaika
yliajalta                               :S:Abl:                   yliaika
yliajalle                               :S:All:                   yliaika
yliaikana                               :S:Ess:                   yliaika
yliajaksi                               :S:Tra:                   yliaika
yliajatta                               :S:Abe:                   yliaika
yliajat                                 :P:Nom:                   yliaika
yliaikojen                              :P:Gen:                   yliaika
yliaikain                               :P:Gen:                   yliaika
yliaikoja                               :P:Par:                   yliaika
yliajoissa                              :P:Ine:                   yliaika
yliajoista                              :P:Ela:                   yliaika
yliaikoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yliaika
yliajoilla                              :P:Ade:                   yliaika
yliajoilta                              :P:Abl:                   yliaika
yliajoille                              :P:All:                   yliaika
yliaikoina                              :P:Ess:                   yliaika
yliajoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yliaika
yliajoin                                :P:Ins:                   yliaika
yliajoitta                              :P:Abe:                   yliaika
yliaikoine                              :P:Kom:                   yliaika
yliaikainen                             :S:Nom:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisen                             :S:Gen:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaista                             :S:Par:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisella                           :S:Ade:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaiselle                           :S:All:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisena                            :S:Ess:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaiset                             :P:Nom:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisten                            :P:Gen:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisin                             :P:Gen:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisia                             :P:Par:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisista                           :P:Ela:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisille                           :P:All:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisina                            :P:Ess:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisin                             :P:Ins:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisine                            :P:Kom:                   yliaikainen
yliaikaisuus                            :S:Nom:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuutta                          :S:Par:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuudelle                        :S:All:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksille                       :P:All:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaikaisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yliaikaisuus
yliaistillinen                          :S:Nom:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisen                          :S:Gen:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillista                          :S:Par:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistilliseen                         :S:Ill:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisella                        :S:Ade:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistilliselta                        :S:Abl:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistilliselle                        :S:All:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisena                         :S:Ess:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistilliseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistilliset                          :P:Nom:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisten                         :P:Gen:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisin                          :P:Gen:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisia                          :P:Par:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisista                        :P:Ela:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisille                        :P:All:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisina                         :P:Ess:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisin                          :P:Ins:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisine                         :P:Kom:                   yliaistillinen
yliaistillisuus                         :S:Nom:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuden                       :S:Gen:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuutta                       :S:Par:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuudessa                     :S:Ine:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuudesta                     :S:Ela:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuteen                      :S:Ill:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuudella                     :S:Ade:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuudelta                     :S:Abl:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuudelle                     :S:All:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuutena                      :S:Ess:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuutta                       :S:Abe:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuudet                       :P:Nom:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksien                     :P:Gen:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksia                      :P:Par:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksista                    :P:Ela:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksille                    :P:All:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksina                     :P:Ess:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksin                      :P:Ins:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yliaistillisuus
yliaistillisuuksine                     :P:Kom:                   yliaistillisuus
yliajaja                                :S:Nom:                   yliajaja
yliajajan                               :S:Gen:                   yliajaja
yliajajaa                               :S:Par:                   yliajaja
yliajajassa                             :S:Ine:                   yliajaja
yliajajasta                             :S:Ela:                   yliajaja
yliajajaan                              :S:Ill:                   yliajaja
yliajajalla                             :S:Ade:                   yliajaja
yliajajalta                             :S:Abl:                   yliajaja
yliajajalle                             :S:All:                   yliajaja
yliajajana                              :S:Ess:                   yliajaja
yliajajaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yliajaja
yliajajatta                             :S:Abe:                   yliajaja
yliajajat                               :P:Nom:                   yliajaja
yliajajien                              :P:Gen:                   yliajaja
yliajajain                              :P:Gen:                   yliajaja
yliajajia                               :P:Par:                   yliajaja
yliajajissa                             :P:Ine:                   yliajaja
yliajajista                             :P:Ela:                   yliajaja
yliajajiin                              :P:Ill:                   yliajaja
yliajajilla                             :P:Ade:                   yliajaja
yliajajilta                             :P:Abl:                   yliajaja
yliajajille                             :P:All:                   yliajaja
yliajajina                              :P:Ess:                   yliajaja
yliajajiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yliajaja
yliajajin                               :P:Ins:                   yliajaja
yliajajitta                             :P:Abe:                   yliajaja
yliajajine                              :P:Kom:                   yliajaja
yliajo                                  :S:Nom:                   yliajo
yliajon                                 :S:Gen:                   yliajo
yliajoa                                 :S:Par:                   yliajo
yliajossa                               :S:Ine:                   yliajo
yliajosta                               :S:Ela:                   yliajo
yliajoon                                :S:Ill:                   yliajo
yliajolla                               :S:Ade:                   yliajo
yliajolta                               :S:Abl:                   yliajo
yliajolle                               :S:All:                   yliajo
yliajona                                :S:Ess:                   yliajo
yliajoksi                               :S:Tra:                   yliajo
yliajotta                               :S:Abe:                   yliajo
yliajot                                 :P:Nom:                   yliajo
yliajojen                               :P:Gen:                   yliajo
yliajoja                                :P:Par:                   yliajo
yliajoissa                              :P:Ine:                   yliajo
yliajoista                              :P:Ela:                   yliajo
yliajoihin                              :P:Ill:                   yliajo
yliajoilla                              :P:Ade:                   yliajo
yliajoilta                              :P:Abl:                   yliajo
yliajoille                              :P:All:                   yliajo
yliajoina                               :P:Ess:                   yliajo
yliajoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yliajo
yliajoin                                :P:Ins:                   yliajo
yliajoitta                              :P:Abe:                   yliajo
yliajoine                               :P:Kom:                   yliajo
yliammuttu                              :S:Nom:                   yliammuttu
yliammutun                              :S:Gen:                   yliammuttu
yliammuttua                             :S:Par:                   yliammuttu
yliammutussa                            :S:Ine:                   yliammuttu
yliammutusta                            :S:Ela:                   yliammuttu
yliammuttuun                            :S:Ill:                   yliammuttu
yliammutulla                            :S:Ade:                   yliammuttu
yliammutulta                            :S:Abl:                   yliammuttu
yliammutulle                            :S:All:                   yliammuttu
yliammuttuna                            :S:Ess:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuksi                            :S:Tra:                   yliammuttu
yliammututta                            :S:Abe:                   yliammuttu
yliammutut                              :P:Nom:                   yliammuttu
yliammuttujen                           :P:Gen:                   yliammuttu
yliammuttuja                            :P:Par:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuissa                           :P:Ine:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuista                           :P:Ela:                   yliammuttu
yliammuttuihin                          :P:Ill:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuilla                           :P:Ade:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuilta                           :P:Abl:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuille                           :P:All:                   yliammuttu
yliammuttuina                           :P:Ess:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuin                             :P:Ins:                   yliammuttu
yliammutuitta                           :P:Abe:                   yliammuttu
yliammuttuine                           :P:Kom:                   yliammuttu
yliampuva                               :S:Nom:                   yliampuva
yliampuvan                              :S:Gen:                   yliampuva
yliampuvaa                              :S:Par:                   yliampuva
yliampuvassa                            :S:Ine:                   yliampuva
yliampuvasta                            :S:Ela:                   yliampuva
yliampuvaan                             :S:Ill:                   yliampuva
yliampuvalla                            :S:Ade:                   yliampuva
yliampuvalta                            :S:Abl:                   yliampuva
yliampuvalle                            :S:All:                   yliampuva
yliampuvana                             :S:Ess:                   yliampuva
yliampuvaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yliampuva
yliampuvatta                            :S:Abe:                   yliampuva
yliampuvat                              :P:Nom:                   yliampuva
yliampuvien                             :P:Gen:                   yliampuva
yliampuvain                             :P:Gen:                   yliampuva
yliampuvia                              :P:Par:                   yliampuva
yliampuvissa                            :P:Ine:                   yliampuva
yliampuvista                            :P:Ela:                   yliampuva
yliampuviin                             :P:Ill:                   yliampuva
yliampuvilla                            :P:Ade:                   yliampuva
yliampuvilta                            :P:Abl:                   yliampuva
yliampuville                            :P:All:                   yliampuva
yliampuvina                             :P:Ess:                   yliampuva
yliampuviksi                            :P:Tra:                   yliampuva
yliampuvin                              :P:Ins:                   yliampuva
yliampuvitta                            :P:Abe:                   yliampuva
yliampuvine                             :P:Kom:                   yliampuva
yliannos                                :S:Nom:                   yliannos
yliannoksen                             :S:Gen:                   yliannos
yliannosta                              :S:Par:                   yliannos
yliannoksessa                           :S:Ine:                   yliannos
yliannoksesta                           :S:Ela:                   yliannos
yliannokseen                            :S:Ill:                   yliannos
yliannoksella                           :S:Ade:                   yliannos
yliannokselta                           :S:Abl:                   yliannos
yliannokselle                           :S:All:                   yliannos
yliannoksena                            :S:Ess:                   yliannos
yliannokseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yliannos
yliannoksetta                           :S:Abe:                   yliannos
yliannokset                             :P:Nom:                   yliannos
yliannosten                             :P:Gen:                   yliannos
yliannoksien                            :P:Gen:                   yliannos
yliannoksia                             :P:Par:                   yliannos
yliannoksissa                           :P:Ine:                   yliannos
yliannoksista                           :P:Ela:                   yliannos
yliannoksiin                            :P:Ill:                   yliannos
yliannoksilla                           :P:Ade:                   yliannos
yliannoksilta                           :P:Abl:                   yliannos
yliannoksille                           :P:All:                   yliannos
yliannoksina                            :P:Ess:                   yliannos
yliannoksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yliannos
yliannoksin                             :P:Ins:                   yliannos
yliannoksitta                           :P:Abe:                   yliannos
yliannoksine                            :P:Kom:                   yliannos
yliannostus                             :S:Nom:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksen                          :S:Gen:                   yliannostus
yliannostusta                           :S:Par:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   yliannostus
yliannostukseen                         :S:Ill:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksella                        :S:Ade:                   yliannostus
yliannostukselta                        :S:Abl:                   yliannostus
yliannostukselle                        :S:All:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksena                         :S:Ess:                   yliannostus
yliannostukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   yliannostus
yliannostukset                          :P:Nom:                   yliannostus
yliannostusten                          :P:Gen:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksien                         :P:Gen:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksia                          :P:Par:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksista                        :P:Ela:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksille                        :P:All:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksina                         :P:Ess:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksin                          :P:Ins:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yliannostus
yliannostuksine                         :P:Kom:                   yliannostus
yliarkkitehti                           :S:Nom:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdin                          :S:Gen:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehtia                          :S:Par:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdissa                        :S:Ine:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdista                        :S:Ela:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehtiin                         :S:Ill:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdilla                        :S:Ade:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdilta                        :S:Abl:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdille                        :S:All:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehtina                         :S:Ess:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdiksi                        :S:Tra:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehditta                        :S:Abe:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdit                          :P:Nom:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehtien                         :P:Gen:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehteja                         :P:Par:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdeissa                       :P:Ine:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdeista                       :P:Ela:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehteihin                       :P:Ill:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdeilla                       :P:Ade:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdeilta                       :P:Abl:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdeille                       :P:All:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehteina                        :P:Ess:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdeiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdein                         :P:Ins:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehdeitta                       :P:Abe:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarkkitehteine                        :P:Kom:                   yliarkkitehti
yliarvioin                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioit                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioimme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioivat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioidaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioida                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarvioin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarvioinen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarvioisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioikoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioikaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioikaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioikoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioi                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioiko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioiko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioiko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioiko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioida                             :Inf1:                    yliarvioida
yliarvioidakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yliarvioida
yliarvioidessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yliarvioida
yliarvioitaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yliarvioida
yliarvioiden                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yliarvioida
yliarvioimassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yliarvioida
yliarvioimasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yliarvioida
yliarvioimaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yliarvioida
yliarvioimalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yliarvioida
yliarvioimatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yliarvioida
yliarvioiman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yliarvioida
yliarvioitaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yliarvioida
yliarvioiminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                yliarvioida
yliarvioimista                          :Inf4:Par:                yliarvioida
yliarvioimaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    yliarvioida
yliarvioiva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yliarvioida
yliarvioitava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioima                             :Cip:Age:                 yliarvioida
yliarvioimaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             yliarvioida
yliarvioinut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioineet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvioida
yliarvioitu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliarvioida
yliarviointi                            :S:Nom:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnin                           :S:Gen:                   yliarviointi
yliarviointia                           :S:Par:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnissa                         :S:Ine:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnista                         :S:Ela:                   yliarviointi
yliarviointiin                          :S:Ill:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnilla                         :S:Ade:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnilta                         :S:Abl:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnille                         :S:All:                   yliarviointi
yliarviointina                          :S:Ess:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinniksi                         :S:Tra:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnitta                         :S:Abe:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnit                           :P:Nom:                   yliarviointi
yliarviointien                          :P:Gen:                   yliarviointi
yliarviointeja                          :P:Par:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinneissa                        :P:Ine:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinneista                        :P:Ela:                   yliarviointi
yliarviointeihin                        :P:Ill:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinneilla                        :P:Ade:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinneilta                        :P:Abl:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinneille                        :P:All:                   yliarviointi
yliarviointeina                         :P:Ess:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinneiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinnein                          :P:Ins:                   yliarviointi
yliarvioinneitta                        :P:Abe:                   yliarviointi
yliarviointeine                         :P:Kom:                   yliarviointi
yliarvostan                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaa                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostamme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostatte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostavat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostetaan                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvosta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvosta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvosta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvosta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvosta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvosta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvosteta                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvostin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvosti                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvostanen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettaneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettane                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettaisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettaisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvosta                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostakaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostakaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostakoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvosta                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettako                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostaa                             :Inf1:                    yliarvostaa
yliarvostaakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yliarvostaa
yliarvostaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostettaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostaen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostamassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostamasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostamaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostamalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostamatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostettaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yliarvostaa
yliarvostaminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                yliarvostaa
yliarvostamista                         :Inf4:Par:                yliarvostaa
yliarvostamaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    yliarvostaa
yliarvostava                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostettava                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostama                            :Cip:Age:                 yliarvostaa
yliarvostamaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             yliarvostaa
yliarvostanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliarvostaa
yliarvostettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliarvostaa
yliarvostus                             :S:Nom:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksen                          :S:Gen:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostusta                           :S:Par:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostukseen                         :S:Ill:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksella                        :S:Ade:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostukselta                        :S:Abl:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostukselle                        :S:All:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksena                         :S:Ess:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostukset                          :P:Nom:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostusten                          :P:Gen:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksien                         :P:Gen:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksia                          :P:Par:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksista                        :P:Ela:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksille                        :P:All:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksina                         :P:Ess:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksin                          :P:Ins:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yliarvostus
yliarvostuksine                         :P:Kom:                   yliarvostus
yliassistentti                          :S:Nom:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentin                          :S:Gen:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenttia                         :S:Par:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentissa                        :S:Ine:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentista                        :S:Ela:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenttiin                        :S:Ill:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentilla                        :S:Ade:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentilta                        :S:Abl:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentille                        :S:All:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenttina                        :S:Ess:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentiksi                        :S:Tra:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentitta                        :S:Abe:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentit                          :P:Nom:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenttien                        :P:Gen:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentteja                        :P:Par:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenteissa                       :P:Ine:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenteista                       :P:Ela:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentteihin                      :P:Ill:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenteilla                       :P:Ade:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenteilta                       :P:Abl:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenteille                       :P:All:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentteina                       :P:Ess:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentein                         :P:Ins:                   yliassistentti
yliassistenteitta                       :P:Abe:                   yliassistentti
yliassistentteine                       :P:Kom:                   yliassistentti
yliedustettu                            :S:Nom:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetun                            :S:Gen:                   yliedustettu
yliedustettua                           :S:Par:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetussa                          :S:Ine:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetusta                          :S:Ela:                   yliedustettu
yliedustettuun                          :S:Ill:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetulla                          :S:Ade:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetulta                          :S:Abl:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetulle                          :S:All:                   yliedustettu
yliedustettuna                          :S:Ess:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuksi                          :S:Tra:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetutta                          :S:Abe:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetut                            :P:Nom:                   yliedustettu
yliedustettujen                         :P:Gen:                   yliedustettu
yliedustettuja                          :P:Par:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuissa                         :P:Ine:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuista                         :P:Ela:                   yliedustettu
yliedustettuihin                        :P:Ill:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuilla                         :P:Ade:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuilta                         :P:Abl:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuille                         :P:All:                   yliedustettu
yliedustettuina                         :P:Ess:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuin                           :P:Ins:                   yliedustettu
yliedustetuitta                         :P:Abe:                   yliedustettu
yliedustettuine                         :P:Kom:                   yliedustettu
yliedustus                              :S:Nom:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksen                           :S:Gen:                   yliedustus
yliedustusta                            :S:Par:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksessa                         :S:Ine:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksesta                         :S:Ela:                   yliedustus
yliedustukseen                          :S:Ill:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksella                         :S:Ade:                   yliedustus
yliedustukselta                         :S:Abl:                   yliedustus
yliedustukselle                         :S:All:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksena                          :S:Ess:                   yliedustus
yliedustukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksetta                         :S:Abe:                   yliedustus
yliedustukset                           :P:Nom:                   yliedustus
yliedustusten                           :P:Gen:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksien                          :P:Gen:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksia                           :P:Par:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksista                         :P:Ela:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksille                         :P:All:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksina                          :P:Ess:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksin                           :P:Ins:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   yliedustus
yliedustuksine                          :P:Kom:                   yliedustus
ylienkeli                               :S:Nom:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelin                              :S:Gen:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeliä                              :S:Par:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelissä                            :S:Ine:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelistä                            :S:Ela:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeliin                             :S:Ill:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelillä                            :S:Ade:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeliltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelille                            :S:All:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelinä                             :S:Ess:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeliksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelittä                            :S:Abe:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelit                              :P:Nom:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelien                             :P:Gen:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleiden                           :P:Gen:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleitten                          :P:Gen:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelejä                             :P:Par:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleitä                            :P:Par:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleissä                           :P:Ine:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleistä                           :P:Ela:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleihin                           :P:Ill:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleillä                           :P:Ade:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleille                           :P:All:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleinä                            :P:Ess:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylienkeli
ylienkelein                             :P:Ins:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleittä                           :P:Abe:                   ylienkeli
ylienkeleine                            :P:Kom:                   ylienkeli
yliherkkyys                             :S:Nom:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyden                           :S:Gen:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyttä                           :S:Par:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyydessä                         :S:Ine:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyydestä                         :S:Ela:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyteen                          :S:Ill:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyydellä                         :S:Ade:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyydeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyydelle                         :S:All:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyytenä                          :S:Ess:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyydeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyttä                           :S:Abe:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyydet                           :P:Nom:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksien                         :P:Gen:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksiä                          :P:Par:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksille                        :P:All:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksin                          :P:Ins:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyyksine                         :P:Kom:                   yliherkkyys
yliherkkyysreaktio                      :S:Nom:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktion                     :S:Gen:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiota                    :S:Par:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiossa                   :S:Ine:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiosta                   :S:Ela:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioon                    :S:Ill:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiolla                   :S:Ade:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiolta                   :S:Abl:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiolle                   :S:All:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiona                    :S:Ess:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioksi                   :S:Tra:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiotta                   :S:Abe:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktiot                     :P:Nom:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioiden                  :P:Gen:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioitten                 :P:Gen:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioita                   :P:Par:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioissa                  :P:Ine:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioista                  :P:Ela:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioihin                  :P:Ill:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioilla                  :P:Ade:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioilta                  :P:Abl:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioille                  :P:All:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioina                   :P:Ess:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioin                    :P:Ins:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioitta                  :P:Abe:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkyysreaktioine                   :P:Kom:                   yliherkkyysreaktio
yliherkkä                               :S:Nom:                   yliherkkä
yliherkän                               :S:Gen:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkää                              :S:Par:                   yliherkkä
yliherkässä                             :S:Ine:                   yliherkkä
yliherkästä                             :S:Ela:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkään                             :S:Ill:                   yliherkkä
yliherkällä                             :S:Ade:                   yliherkkä
yliherkältä                             :S:Abl:                   yliherkkä
yliherkälle                             :S:All:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkänä                             :S:Ess:                   yliherkkä
yliherkäksi                             :S:Tra:                   yliherkkä
yliherkättä                             :S:Abe:                   yliherkkä
yliherkät                               :P:Nom:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkien                             :P:Gen:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkäin                             :P:Gen:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkiä                              :P:Par:                   yliherkkä
yliherkissä                             :P:Ine:                   yliherkkä
yliherkistä                             :P:Ela:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkiin                             :P:Ill:                   yliherkkä
yliherkillä                             :P:Ade:                   yliherkkä
yliherkiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yliherkkä
yliherkille                             :P:All:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkinä                             :P:Ess:                   yliherkkä
yliherkiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yliherkkä
yliherkin                               :P:Ins:                   yliherkkä
yliherkittä                             :P:Abe:                   yliherkkä
yliherkkine                             :P:Kom:                   yliherkkä
ylihinta                                :S:Nom:                   ylihinta
ylihinnan                               :S:Gen:                   ylihinta
ylihintaa                               :S:Par:                   ylihinta
ylihinnassa                             :S:Ine:                   ylihinta
ylihinnasta                             :S:Ela:                   ylihinta
ylihintaan                              :S:Ill:                   ylihinta
ylihinnalla                             :S:Ade:                   ylihinta
ylihinnalta                             :S:Abl:                   ylihinta
ylihinnalle                             :S:All:                   ylihinta
ylihintana                              :S:Ess:                   ylihinta
ylihinnaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylihinta
ylihinnatta                             :S:Abe:                   ylihinta
ylihinnat                               :P:Nom:                   ylihinta
ylihintojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylihinta
ylihintain                              :P:Gen:                   ylihinta
ylihintoja                              :P:Par:                   ylihinta
ylihinnoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylihinta
ylihinnoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylihinta
ylihintoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylihinta
ylihinnoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylihinta
ylihinnoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylihinta
ylihinnoille                            :P:All:                   ylihinta
ylihintoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylihinta
ylihinnoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylihinta
ylihinnoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylihinta
ylihinnoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylihinta
ylihintoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylihinta
ylihoitaja                              :S:Nom:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajan                             :S:Gen:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajaa                             :S:Par:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajassa                           :S:Ine:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajasta                           :S:Ela:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajaan                            :S:Ill:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajalla                           :S:Ade:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajalta                           :S:Abl:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajalle                           :S:All:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajana                            :S:Ess:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajatta                           :S:Abe:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajat                             :P:Nom:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajien                            :P:Gen:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajain                            :P:Gen:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajia                             :P:Par:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajista                           :P:Ela:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajille                           :P:All:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajina                            :P:Ess:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajin                             :P:Ins:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylihoitaja
ylihoitajine                            :P:Kom:                   ylihoitaja
ylihuolehtiva                           :S:Nom:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivan                          :S:Gen:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivaa                          :S:Par:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivassa                        :S:Ine:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivasta                        :S:Ela:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivaan                         :S:Ill:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivalla                        :S:Ade:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivalta                        :S:Abl:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivalle                        :S:All:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivana                         :S:Ess:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivatta                        :S:Abe:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivat                          :P:Nom:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivien                         :P:Gen:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivain                         :P:Gen:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivia                          :P:Par:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivista                        :P:Ela:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtiviin                         :P:Ill:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtiville                        :P:All:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivina                         :P:Ess:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtiviksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivin                          :P:Ins:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuolehtivine                         :P:Kom:                   ylihuolehtiva
ylihuomen                               :S:Nom:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenen                             :S:Gen:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenta                             :S:Par:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomeneen                            :S:Ill:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenella                           :S:Ade:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenelta                           :S:Abl:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenelle                           :S:All:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenena                            :S:Ess:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomeneksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenetta                           :S:Abe:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenet                             :P:Nom:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenien                            :P:Gen:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenten                            :P:Gen:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenia                             :P:Par:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenista                           :P:Ela:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomeniin                            :P:Ill:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenille                           :P:All:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenina                            :P:Ess:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomeniksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenin                             :P:Ins:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylihuomen
ylihuomenine                            :P:Kom:                   ylihuomen
ylihuominen                             :S:Nom:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisen                             :S:Gen:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomista                             :S:Par:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomiseen                            :S:Ill:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisella                           :S:Ade:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomiselta                           :S:Abl:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomiselle                           :S:All:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisena                            :S:Ess:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisetta                           :S:Abe:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomiset                             :P:Nom:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisten                            :P:Gen:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisin                             :P:Gen:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisia                             :P:Par:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisista                           :P:Ela:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisille                           :P:All:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisina                            :P:Ess:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisin                             :P:Ins:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylihuominen
ylihuomisine                            :P:Kom:                   ylihuominen
yli-ihminen                             :S:Nom:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisen                             :S:Gen:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmistä                             :S:Par:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmiselle                           :S:All:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmiset                             :P:Nom:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisten                            :P:Gen:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisin                             :P:Gen:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisiä                             :P:Par:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisille                           :P:All:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisin                             :P:Ins:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisine                            :P:Kom:                   yli-ihminen
yli-ihmisoppi                           :S:Nom:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopen                           :S:Gen:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisoppea                          :S:Par:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopessa                         :S:Ine:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopesta                         :S:Ela:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisoppeen                         :S:Ill:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopella                         :S:Ade:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopelta                         :S:Abl:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopelle                         :S:All:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisoppena                         :S:Ess:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopetta                         :S:Abe:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopet                           :P:Nom:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisoppien                         :P:Gen:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisoppia                          :P:Par:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopissa                         :P:Ine:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopista                         :P:Ela:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisoppiin                         :P:Ill:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopilla                         :P:Ade:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopilta                         :P:Abl:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopille                         :P:All:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisoppina                         :P:Ess:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopin                           :P:Ins:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisopitta                         :P:Abe:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ihmisoppine                         :P:Kom:                   yli-ihmisoppi
yli-ikäinen                             :S:Nom:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisen                             :S:Gen:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäistä                             :S:Par:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäiselle                           :S:All:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäiset                             :P:Nom:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisten                            :P:Gen:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisin                             :P:Gen:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisiä                             :P:Par:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisille                           :P:All:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisin                             :P:Ins:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäisine                            :P:Kom:                   yli-ikäinen
yli-ikäistyn                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyt                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyy                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyvät                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytään                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisty                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisty                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisty                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisty                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisty                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisty                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytä                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyi                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyivät                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynevät                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttäneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyne                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyne                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyne                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyne                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyne                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyne                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttäne                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisivät                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttäisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttäisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisty                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyköön                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistykäämme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistykää                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistykööt                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttäköön                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisty                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistykö                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistykö                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistykö                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistykö                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttäkö                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyä                            :Inf1:                    yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyäkseen                       :Inf1:L:                  yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyessä                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttäessä                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymässä                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymästä                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymään                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymällä                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymättä                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymän                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttämän                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymistä                        :Inf4:Par:                yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymäisillään                   :Inf5:                    yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyvä                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyttävä                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymä                           :Cip:Age:                 yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistymätön                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Con:Per:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistynyt                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistyneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäistytty                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yli-ikäistyä
yli-ikäisyys                            :S:Nom:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyden                          :S:Gen:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyttä                          :S:Par:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyydessä                        :S:Ine:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyydestä                        :S:Ela:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyteen                         :S:Ill:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyydellä                        :S:Ade:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyydeltä                        :S:Abl:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyydelle                        :S:All:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyytenä                         :S:Ess:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyydeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyttä                          :S:Abe:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyydet                          :P:Nom:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksien                        :P:Gen:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksiä                         :P:Par:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksille                       :P:All:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksin                         :P:Ins:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-ikäisyyksine                        :P:Kom:                   yli-ikäisyys
yli-inhimillinen                        :S:Nom:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisen                        :S:Gen:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillistä                        :S:Par:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisessä                      :S:Ine:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisestä                      :S:Ela:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimilliseen                       :S:Ill:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisellä                      :S:Ade:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimilliseltä                      :S:Abl:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimilliselle                      :S:All:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisenä                       :S:Ess:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimilliseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisettä                      :S:Abe:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimilliset                        :P:Nom:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisten                       :P:Gen:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisin                        :P:Gen:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisiä                        :P:Par:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisissä                      :P:Ine:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisistä                      :P:Ela:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisillä                      :P:Ade:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisille                      :P:All:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisinä                       :P:Ess:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisin                        :P:Ins:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisittä                      :P:Abe:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisine                       :P:Kom:                   yli-inhimillinen
yli-inhimillisyys                       :S:Nom:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyden                     :S:Gen:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyttä                     :S:Par:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyydessä                   :S:Ine:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyydestä                   :S:Ela:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyteen                    :S:Ill:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyydellä                   :S:Ade:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyydeltä                   :S:Abl:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyydelle                   :S:All:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyytenä                    :S:Ess:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyydeksi                   :S:Tra:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyttä                     :S:Abe:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyydet                     :P:Nom:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksien                   :P:Gen:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksiä                    :P:Par:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksissä                  :P:Ine:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksistä                  :P:Ela:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksiin                   :P:Ill:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksillä                  :P:Ade:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksiltä                  :P:Abl:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksille                  :P:All:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksinä                   :P:Ess:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksin                    :P:Ins:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksittä                  :P:Abe:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-inhimillisyyksine                   :P:Kom:                   yli-inhimillisyys
yli-insinööri                           :S:Nom:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörin                          :S:Gen:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööriä                          :S:Par:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörissä                        :S:Ine:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööristä                        :S:Ela:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööriin                         :S:Ill:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörillä                        :S:Ade:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööriltä                        :S:Abl:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörille                        :S:All:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörinä                         :S:Ess:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööriksi                        :S:Tra:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörittä                        :S:Abe:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörit                          :P:Nom:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörien                         :P:Gen:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörejä                         :P:Par:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreissä                       :P:Ine:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreistä                       :P:Ela:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreihin                       :P:Ill:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreillä                       :P:Ade:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreille                       :P:All:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreinä                        :P:Ess:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinöörein                         :P:Ins:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreittä                       :P:Abe:                   yli-insinööri
yli-insinööreine                        :P:Kom:                   yli-insinööri
Y-liittymä                              :S:Nom:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymän                             :S:Gen:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymää                             :S:Par:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymässä                           :S:Ine:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymästä                           :S:Ela:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymään                            :S:Ill:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymällä                           :S:Ade:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymältä                           :S:Abl:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymälle                           :S:All:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymänä                            :S:Ess:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymäksi                           :S:Tra:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymättä                           :S:Abe:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymät                             :P:Nom:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymien                            :P:Gen:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymäin                            :P:Gen:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymiä                             :P:Par:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymissä                           :P:Ine:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymistä                           :P:Ela:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymiin                            :P:Ill:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymillä                           :P:Ade:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymiltä                           :P:Abl:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymille                           :P:All:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittyminä                            :P:Ess:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymiksi                           :P:Tra:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymin                             :P:Ins:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymittä                           :P:Abe:                   Y-liittymä
Y-liittymine                            :P:Kom:                   Y-liittymä
ylijohtaja                              :S:Nom:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajan                             :S:Gen:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajaa                             :S:Par:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajassa                           :S:Ine:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajasta                           :S:Ela:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajaan                            :S:Ill:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajalla                           :S:Ade:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajalta                           :S:Abl:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajalle                           :S:All:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajana                            :S:Ess:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajatta                           :S:Abe:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajat                             :P:Nom:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajien                            :P:Gen:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajain                            :P:Gen:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajia                             :P:Par:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajista                           :P:Ela:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajille                           :P:All:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajina                            :P:Ess:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajin                             :P:Ins:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohtajine                            :P:Kom:                   ylijohtaja
ylijohto                                :S:Nom:                   ylijohto
ylijohdon                               :S:Gen:                   ylijohto
ylijohtoa                               :S:Par:                   ylijohto
ylijohdossa                             :S:Ine:                   ylijohto
ylijohdosta                             :S:Ela:                   ylijohto
ylijohtoon                              :S:Ill:                   ylijohto
ylijohdolla                             :S:Ade:                   ylijohto
ylijohdolta                             :S:Abl:                   ylijohto
ylijohdolle                             :S:All:                   ylijohto
ylijohtona                              :S:Ess:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylijohto
ylijohdotta                             :S:Abe:                   ylijohto
ylijohdot                               :P:Nom:                   ylijohto
ylijohtojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylijohto
ylijohtoja                              :P:Par:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylijohto
ylijohtoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoille                            :P:All:                   ylijohto
ylijohtoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylijohto
ylijohdoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylijohto
ylijohtoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylijohto
ylijumala                               :S:Nom:                   ylijumala
ylijumalan                              :S:Gen:                   ylijumala
ylijumalaa                              :S:Par:                   ylijumala
ylijumalassa                            :S:Ine:                   ylijumala
ylijumalasta                            :S:Ela:                   ylijumala
ylijumalaan                             :S:Ill:                   ylijumala
ylijumalalla                            :S:Ade:                   ylijumala
ylijumalalta                            :S:Abl:                   ylijumala
ylijumalalle                            :S:All:                   ylijumala
ylijumalana                             :S:Ess:                   ylijumala
ylijumalaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylijumala
ylijumalatta                            :S:Abe:                   ylijumala
ylijumalat                              :P:Nom:                   ylijumala
ylijumalien                             :P:Gen:                   ylijumala
ylijumalain                             :P:Gen:                   ylijumala
ylijumalia                              :P:Par:                   ylijumala
ylijumalissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylijumala
ylijumalista                            :P:Ela:                   ylijumala
ylijumaliin                             :P:Ill:                   ylijumala
ylijumalilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylijumala
ylijumalilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylijumala
ylijumalille                            :P:All:                   ylijumala
ylijumalina                             :P:Ess:                   ylijumala
ylijumaliksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylijumala
ylijumalin                              :P:Ins:                   ylijumala
ylijumalitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylijumala
ylijumaline                             :P:Kom:                   ylijumala
ylijuoksu                               :S:Nom:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksun                              :S:Gen:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksua                              :S:Par:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksussa                            :S:Ine:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksusta                            :S:Ela:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuun                             :S:Ill:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksulla                            :S:Ade:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksulta                            :S:Abl:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksulle                            :S:All:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuna                             :S:Ess:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksutta                            :S:Abe:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksut                              :P:Nom:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksujen                            :P:Gen:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuja                             :P:Par:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuista                           :P:Ela:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuihin                           :P:Ill:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuille                           :P:All:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuina                            :P:Ess:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuin                             :P:Ins:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylijuoksu
ylijuoksuine                            :P:Kom:                   ylijuoksu
ylijännite                              :S:Nom:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteen                           :S:Gen:                   ylijännite
ylijännitettä                           :S:Par:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteessä                         :S:Ine:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteestä                         :S:Ela:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteellä                         :S:Ade:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteeltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteelle                         :S:All:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteenä                          :S:Ess:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteettä                         :S:Abe:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteet                           :P:Nom:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteiden                         :P:Gen:                   ylijännite
ylijänniteitten                         :P:Gen:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteitä                          :P:Par:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteille                         :P:All:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylijännite
ylijännittein                           :P:Ins:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylijännite
ylijännitteine                          :P:Kom:                   ylijännite
ylijännitesuoja                         :S:Nom:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojan                        :S:Gen:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojaa                        :S:Par:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojassa                      :S:Ine:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojasta                      :S:Ela:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojaan                       :S:Ill:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojalla                      :S:Ade:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojalta                      :S:Abl:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojalle                      :S:All:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojana                       :S:Ess:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojaksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojatta                      :S:Abe:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojat                        :P:Nom:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojien                       :P:Gen:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojain                       :P:Gen:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojia                        :P:Par:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojista                      :P:Ela:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojille                      :P:All:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojina                       :P:Ess:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojin                        :P:Ins:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijännitesuojine                       :P:Kom:                   ylijännitesuoja
ylijärjellinen                          :S:Nom:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisen                          :S:Gen:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellistä                          :S:Par:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisessä                        :S:Ine:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisestä                        :S:Ela:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjelliseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisellä                        :S:Ade:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjelliseltä                        :S:Abl:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjelliselle                        :S:All:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisenä                         :S:Ess:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjelliseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisettä                        :S:Abe:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjelliset                          :P:Nom:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisten                         :P:Gen:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisin                          :P:Gen:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisiä                          :P:Par:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisissä                        :P:Ine:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisistä                        :P:Ela:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisillä                        :P:Ade:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisille                        :P:All:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisinä                         :P:Ess:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisin                          :P:Ins:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisittä                        :P:Abe:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijärjellisine                         :P:Kom:                   ylijärjellinen
ylijäämä                                :S:Nom:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämän                               :S:Gen:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämää                               :S:Par:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämässä                             :S:Ine:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämästä                             :S:Ela:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämään                              :S:Ill:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämällä                             :S:Ade:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämältä                             :S:Abl:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämälle                             :S:All:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämänä                              :S:Ess:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämäksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämättä                             :S:Abe:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämät                               :P:Nom:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämien                              :P:Gen:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämäin                              :P:Gen:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämiä                               :P:Par:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämille                             :P:All:                   ylijäämä
ylijääminä                              :P:Ess:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämin                               :P:Ins:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämine                              :P:Kom:                   ylijäämä
ylijäämäinen                            :S:Nom:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäistä                            :S:Par:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisessä                          :S:Ine:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisestä                          :S:Ela:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisellä                          :S:Ade:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäiselle                          :S:All:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisenä                           :S:Ess:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisettä                          :S:Abe:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisiä                            :P:Par:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisissä                          :P:Ine:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisistä                          :P:Ela:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisillä                          :P:Ade:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisille                          :P:All:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisinä                           :P:Ess:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisittä                          :P:Abe:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämäisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylijäämäinen
ylijäämävarasto                         :S:Nom:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävaraston                        :S:Gen:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoa                        :S:Par:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastossa                      :S:Ine:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastosta                      :S:Ela:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoon                       :S:Ill:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastolla                      :S:Ade:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastolta                      :S:Abl:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastolle                      :S:All:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastona                       :S:Ess:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastotta                      :S:Abe:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastot                        :P:Nom:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastojen                      :P:Gen:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoiden                     :P:Gen:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoitten                    :P:Gen:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoja                       :P:Par:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoita                      :P:Par:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoista                     :P:Ela:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoille                     :P:All:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoina                      :P:Ess:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoin                       :P:Ins:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylijäämävarastoine                      :P:Kom:                   ylijäämävarasto
ylikaliiperiammus                       :S:Nom:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksen                    :S:Gen:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammusta                     :S:Par:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksessa                  :S:Ine:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksesta                  :S:Ela:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammukseen                   :S:Ill:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksella                  :S:Ade:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammukselta                  :S:Abl:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammukselle                  :S:All:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksena                   :S:Ess:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksetta                  :S:Abe:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammukset                    :P:Nom:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammusten                    :P:Gen:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksien                   :P:Gen:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksia                    :P:Par:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksista                  :P:Ela:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksille                  :P:All:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksina                   :P:Ess:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksin                    :P:Ins:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikaliiperiammuksine                   :P:Kom:                   ylikaliiperiammus
ylikansallinen                          :S:Nom:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisen                          :S:Gen:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallista                          :S:Par:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisessa                        :S:Ine:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisesta                        :S:Ela:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansalliseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisella                        :S:Ade:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansalliselta                        :S:Abl:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansalliselle                        :S:All:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisena                         :S:Ess:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansalliseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisetta                        :S:Abe:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansalliset                          :P:Nom:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisten                         :P:Gen:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisin                          :P:Gen:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisia                          :P:Par:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisista                        :P:Ela:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisille                        :P:All:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisina                         :P:Ess:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisin                          :P:Ins:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansallisine                         :P:Kom:                   ylikansallinen
ylikansoitettu                          :S:Nom:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetun                          :S:Gen:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitettua                         :S:Par:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetussa                        :S:Ine:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetusta                        :S:Ela:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitettuun                        :S:Ill:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetulla                        :S:Ade:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetulta                        :S:Abl:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetulle                        :S:All:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitettuna                        :S:Ess:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetutta                        :S:Abe:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetut                          :P:Nom:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitettujen                       :P:Gen:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitettuja                        :P:Par:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuista                       :P:Ela:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitettuihin                      :P:Ill:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuille                       :P:All:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitettuina                       :P:Ess:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuin                         :P:Ins:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitetuitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitettuine                       :P:Kom:                   ylikansoitettu
ylikansoitun                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoitut                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoitumme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoitutte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuvat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoitutaan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituta                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoituin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittui                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoitu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittukoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittukaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittukaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittukoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoitu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittua                           :Inf1:                    ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoittumassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoittumasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoittumaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoittumalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoittumatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                ylikansoittua
ylikansoittumista                       :Inf4:Par:                ylikansoittua
ylikansoittumaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuva                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuma                          :Cip:Age:                 ylikansoittua
ylikansoittumaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylikansoittua
ylikansoittunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoittuneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikansoittua
ylikansoituttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikansoittua
ylikansoitus                            :S:Nom:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksen                         :S:Gen:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoitusta                          :S:Par:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksessa                       :S:Ine:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksesta                       :S:Ela:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoitukseen                        :S:Ill:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksella                       :S:Ade:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoitukselta                       :S:Abl:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoitukselle                       :S:All:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksena                        :S:Ess:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoitukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksetta                       :S:Abe:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoitukset                         :P:Nom:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoitusten                         :P:Gen:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksien                        :P:Gen:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksia                         :P:Par:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksista                       :P:Ela:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksille                       :P:All:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksina                        :P:Ess:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksin                         :P:Ins:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylikansoitus
ylikansoituksine                        :P:Kom:                   ylikansoitus
ylikapellimestari                       :S:Nom:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarin                      :S:Gen:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestaria                      :S:Par:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarissa                    :S:Ine:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarista                    :S:Ela:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestariin                     :S:Ill:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarilla                    :S:Ade:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarilta                    :S:Abl:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarille                    :S:All:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarina                     :S:Ess:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestariksi                    :S:Tra:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestaritta                    :S:Abe:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarit                      :P:Nom:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarien                     :P:Gen:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareiden                   :P:Gen:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareitten                  :P:Gen:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareja                     :P:Par:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareita                    :P:Par:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareissa                   :P:Ine:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareista                   :P:Ela:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareihin                   :P:Ill:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareilla                   :P:Ade:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareilta                   :P:Abl:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareille                   :P:All:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareina                    :P:Ess:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestarein                     :P:Ins:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareitta                   :P:Abe:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikapellimestareine                    :P:Kom:                   ylikapellimestari
ylikersantti                            :S:Nom:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantin                            :S:Gen:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanttia                           :S:Par:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantissa                          :S:Ine:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantista                          :S:Ela:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanttiin                          :S:Ill:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantilla                          :S:Ade:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantilta                          :S:Abl:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantille                          :S:All:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanttina                          :S:Ess:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantiksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantitta                          :S:Abe:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantit                            :P:Nom:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanttien                          :P:Gen:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantteja                          :P:Par:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanteissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanteista                         :P:Ela:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantteihin                        :P:Ill:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanteilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanteilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanteille                         :P:All:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantteina                         :P:Ess:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantein                           :P:Ins:                   ylikersantti
ylikersanteitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylikersantti
ylikersantteine                         :P:Kom:                   ylikersantti
ylikierros                              :S:Nom:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksen                           :S:Gen:                   ylikierros
ylikierrosta                            :S:Par:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ylikierros
ylikierrokseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksella                         :S:Ade:                   ylikierros
ylikierrokselta                         :S:Abl:                   ylikierros
ylikierrokselle                         :S:All:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksena                          :S:Ess:                   ylikierros
ylikierrokseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ylikierros
ylikierrokset                           :P:Nom:                   ylikierros
ylikierrosten                           :P:Gen:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksien                          :P:Gen:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksia                           :P:Par:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksista                         :P:Ela:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksille                         :P:All:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksina                          :P:Ess:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksin                           :P:Ins:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylikierros
ylikierroksine                          :P:Kom:                   ylikierros
ylikiihottunut                          :S:Nom:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneen                         :S:Gen:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottunutta                        :S:Par:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneessa                       :S:Ine:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneesta                       :S:Ela:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneeseen                      :S:Ill:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneella                       :S:Ade:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneelta                       :S:Abl:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneelle                       :S:All:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneena                        :S:Ess:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneetta                       :S:Abe:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneet                         :P:Nom:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneiden                       :P:Gen:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneitten                      :P:Gen:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneita                        :P:Par:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneista                       :P:Ela:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneihin                       :P:Ill:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneille                       :P:All:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneina                        :P:Ess:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottunein                         :P:Ins:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikiihottuneine                        :P:Kom:                   ylikiihottunut
ylikompensaatio                         :S:Nom:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaation                        :S:Gen:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatiota                       :S:Par:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatiossa                      :S:Ine:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatiosta                      :S:Ela:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioon                       :S:Ill:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatiolla                      :S:Ade:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatiolta                      :S:Abl:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatiolle                      :S:All:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaationa                       :S:Ess:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatiotta                      :S:Abe:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatiot                        :P:Nom:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioiden                     :P:Gen:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioitten                    :P:Gen:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioita                      :P:Par:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioista                     :P:Ela:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioille                     :P:All:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioina                      :P:Ess:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioin                       :P:Ins:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikompensaatioine                      :P:Kom:                   ylikompensaatio
ylikonstaapeli                          :S:Nom:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelin                         :S:Gen:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelia                         :S:Par:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelissa                       :S:Ine:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelista                       :S:Ela:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeliin                        :S:Ill:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelilla                       :S:Ade:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelilta                       :S:Abl:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelille                       :S:All:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelina                        :S:Ess:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeliksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelitta                       :S:Abe:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelit                         :P:Nom:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelien                        :P:Gen:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleiden                      :P:Gen:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleitten                     :P:Gen:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleja                        :P:Par:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleita                       :P:Par:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleista                      :P:Ela:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleihin                      :P:Ill:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleille                      :P:All:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleina                       :P:Ess:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapelein                        :P:Ins:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikonstaapeleine                       :P:Kom:                   ylikonstaapeli
ylikoulutettu                           :S:Nom:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetun                           :S:Gen:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutettua                          :S:Par:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetussa                         :S:Ine:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetusta                         :S:Ela:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutettuun                         :S:Ill:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetulla                         :S:Ade:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetulta                         :S:Abl:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetulle                         :S:All:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutettuna                         :S:Ess:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetutta                         :S:Abe:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetut                           :P:Nom:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutettujen                        :P:Gen:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutettuja                         :P:Par:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuista                        :P:Ela:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutettuihin                       :P:Ill:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuille                        :P:All:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutettuina                        :P:Ess:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuin                          :P:Ins:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutetuitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutettuine                        :P:Kom:                   ylikoulutettu
ylikoulutus                             :S:Nom:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksen                          :S:Gen:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutusta                           :S:Par:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutukseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksella                        :S:Ade:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutukselta                        :S:Abl:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutukselle                        :S:All:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksena                         :S:Ess:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutukset                          :P:Nom:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutusten                          :P:Gen:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksien                         :P:Gen:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksia                          :P:Par:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksista                        :P:Ela:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksille                        :P:All:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksina                         :P:Ess:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksin                          :P:Ins:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylikoulutus
ylikoulutuksine                         :P:Kom:                   ylikoulutus
ylikukkinut                             :S:Nom:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineen                            :S:Gen:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkinutta                           :S:Par:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineeseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineella                          :S:Ade:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineelta                          :S:Abl:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineelle                          :S:All:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineena                           :S:Ess:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineet                            :P:Nom:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineiden                          :P:Gen:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineitten                         :P:Gen:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineita                           :P:Par:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineista                          :P:Ela:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineihin                          :P:Ill:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineille                          :P:All:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineina                           :P:Ess:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkinein                            :P:Ins:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylikukkinut
ylikukkineine                           :P:Kom:                   ylikukkinut
ylikulku                                :S:Nom:                   ylikulku
ylikulun                                :S:Gen:                   ylikulku
ylikulkua                               :S:Par:                   ylikulku
ylikulussa                              :S:Ine:                   ylikulku
ylikulusta                              :S:Ela:                   ylikulku
ylikulkuun                              :S:Ill:                   ylikulku
ylikululla                              :S:Ade:                   ylikulku
ylikululta                              :S:Abl:                   ylikulku
ylikululle                              :S:All:                   ylikulku
ylikulkuna                              :S:Ess:                   ylikulku
ylikuluksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylikulku
ylikulutta                              :S:Abe:                   ylikulku
ylikulut                                :P:Nom:                   ylikulku
ylikulkujen                             :P:Gen:                   ylikulku
ylikulkuja                              :P:Par:                   ylikulku
ylikuluissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylikulku
ylikuluista                             :P:Ela:                   ylikulku
ylikulkuihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylikulku
ylikuluilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylikulku
ylikuluilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylikulku
ylikuluille                             :P:All:                   ylikulku
ylikulkuina                             :P:Ess:                   ylikulku
ylikuluiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylikulku
ylikuluin                               :P:Ins:                   ylikulku
ylikuluitta                             :P:Abe:                   ylikulku
ylikulkuine                             :P:Kom:                   ylikulku
ylikulkusilta                           :S:Nom:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillan                          :S:Gen:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltaa                          :S:Par:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillassa                        :S:Ine:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillasta                        :S:Ela:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltaan                         :S:Ill:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillalla                        :S:Ade:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillalta                        :S:Abl:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillalle                        :S:All:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltana                         :S:Ess:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillatta                        :S:Abe:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusillat                          :P:Nom:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltojen                        :P:Gen:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltain                         :P:Gen:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltoja                         :P:Par:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusilloissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusilloista                       :P:Ela:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusilloilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusilloilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusilloille                       :P:All:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltoina                        :P:Ess:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusilloiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusilloin                         :P:Ins:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusilloitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikulkusiltoine                        :P:Kom:                   ylikulkusilta
ylikunto                                :S:Nom:                   ylikunto
ylikunnon                               :S:Gen:                   ylikunto
ylikuntoa                               :S:Par:                   ylikunto
ylikunnossa                             :S:Ine:                   ylikunto
ylikunnosta                             :S:Ela:                   ylikunto
ylikuntoon                              :S:Ill:                   ylikunto
ylikunnolla                             :S:Ade:                   ylikunto
ylikunnolta                             :S:Abl:                   ylikunto
ylikunnolle                             :S:All:                   ylikunto
ylikuntona                              :S:Ess:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylikunto
ylikunnotta                             :S:Abe:                   ylikunto
ylikunnot                               :P:Nom:                   ylikunto
ylikuntojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylikunto
ylikuntoja                              :P:Par:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylikunto
ylikuntoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoille                            :P:All:                   ylikunto
ylikuntoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylikunto
ylikunnoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylikunto
ylikuntoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylikunto
ylikuntoinen                            :S:Nom:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoista                            :S:Par:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoiselle                          :S:All:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisia                            :P:Par:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisille                          :P:All:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuntoisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylikuntoinen
ylikuorma                               :S:Nom:                   ylikuorma
ylikuorman                              :S:Gen:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormaa                              :S:Par:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormassa                            :S:Ine:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormasta                            :S:Ela:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormaan                             :S:Ill:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormalla                            :S:Ade:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormalta                            :S:Abl:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormalle                            :S:All:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormana                             :S:Ess:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormatta                            :S:Abe:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormat                              :P:Nom:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormien                             :P:Gen:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormain                             :P:Gen:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormia                              :P:Par:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormista                            :P:Ela:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormille                            :P:All:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormina                             :P:Ess:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormin                              :P:Ins:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormine                             :P:Kom:                   ylikuorma
ylikuormamaksu                          :S:Nom:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksun                         :S:Gen:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksua                         :S:Par:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksussa                       :S:Ine:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksusta                       :S:Ela:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuun                        :S:Ill:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksulla                       :S:Ade:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksulta                       :S:Abl:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksulle                       :S:All:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuna                        :S:Ess:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksutta                       :S:Abe:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksut                         :P:Nom:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksujen                       :P:Gen:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuja                        :P:Par:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuista                      :P:Ela:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuihin                      :P:Ill:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuille                      :P:All:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuina                       :P:Ess:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuin                        :P:Ins:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormamaksuine                       :P:Kom:                   ylikuormamaksu
ylikuormitan                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitamme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitatte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittavat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitetaan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormita                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormita                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormita                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormita                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormita                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormita                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormiteta                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitti                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormititte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittivat                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittane                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormita                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittakaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittakaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittakoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormita                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittako                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaa                           :Inf1:                    ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittamassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittamasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittamaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittamalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittamatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittamista                       :Inf4:Par:                ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittamaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittava                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittama                          :Cip:Age:                 ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittamaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittanut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormittaneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitettu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittaa
ylikuormitun                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormitut                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormitumme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormitutte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuvat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormitutaan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormitu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituta                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormituin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittui                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormitu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittukoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittukaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittukaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittukoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormitu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittua                           :Inf1:                    ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormittumassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormittumasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormittumaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormittumalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormittumatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                ylikuormittua
ylikuormittumista                       :Inf4:Par:                ylikuormittua
ylikuormittumaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuva                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuma                          :Cip:Age:                 ylikuormittua
ylikuormittumaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylikuormittua
ylikuormittunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormittuneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuormittua
ylikuormituttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuormittua
ylikuormitus                            :S:Nom:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksen                         :S:Gen:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormitusta                          :S:Par:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksessa                       :S:Ine:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksesta                       :S:Ela:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormitukseen                        :S:Ill:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksella                       :S:Ade:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormitukselta                       :S:Abl:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormitukselle                       :S:All:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksena                        :S:Ess:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormitukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksetta                       :S:Abe:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormitukset                         :P:Nom:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormitusten                         :P:Gen:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksien                        :P:Gen:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksia                         :P:Par:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksista                       :P:Ela:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksille                       :P:All:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksina                        :P:Ess:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksin                         :P:Ins:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormituksine                        :P:Kom:                   ylikuormitus
ylikuormitussuoja                       :S:Nom:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojan                      :S:Gen:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojaa                      :S:Par:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojassa                    :S:Ine:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojasta                    :S:Ela:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojaan                     :S:Ill:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojalla                    :S:Ade:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojalta                    :S:Abl:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojalle                    :S:All:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojana                     :S:Ess:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojaksi                    :S:Tra:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojatta                    :S:Abe:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojat                      :P:Nom:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojien                     :P:Gen:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojain                     :P:Gen:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojia                      :P:Par:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojissa                    :P:Ine:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojista                    :P:Ela:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojiin                     :P:Ill:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojilla                    :P:Ade:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojilta                    :P:Abl:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojille                    :P:All:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojina                     :P:Ess:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojin                      :P:Ins:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojitta                    :P:Abe:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuormitussuojine                     :P:Kom:                   ylikuormitussuoja
ylikuumennun                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennumme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennutte                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuvat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennutaan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumennu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuta                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuin                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuit                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentui                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuimme                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuitte                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuivat                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentune                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumennu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentukoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentukaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentukaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentukoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumennu                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuko                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentua                            :Inf1:                    ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumentumassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumentumasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumentumaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumentumalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumentumatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                ylikuumentua
ylikuumentumista                        :Inf4:Par:                ylikuumentua
ylikuumentumaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuva                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuma                           :Cip:Age:                 ylikuumentua
ylikuumentumaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylikuumentua
ylikuumentunut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumentuneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumentua
ylikuumennuttu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumentua
ylikuumenen                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenet                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenee                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenemme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenette                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenevat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumetaan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumene                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumene                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumene                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumene                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumene                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumene                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumeta                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikuumenin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumeni                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikuumennen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumenne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisivat                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikuumene                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumetkoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumetkaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumetkaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumetkoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumene                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumetko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumetko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumetko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumetko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumeta                              :Inf1:                    ylikuumeta
ylikuumetakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ylikuumeta
ylikuumetessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumettaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumeten                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumenemassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumenemasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumenemaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumenemalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumenematta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumeneman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumettaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylikuumeta
ylikuumeneminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                ylikuumeta
ylikuumenemista                         :Inf4:Par:                ylikuumeta
ylikuumenemaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    ylikuumeta
ylikuumeneva                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumettava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumenema                            :Cip:Age:                 ylikuumeta
ylikuumenematon                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylikuumeta
ylikuumennut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumenneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylikuumeta
ylikuumettu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylikuumeta
ylikypsä                                :S:Nom:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsän                               :S:Gen:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsää                               :S:Par:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsässä                             :S:Ine:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsästä                             :S:Ela:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsään                              :S:Ill:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsällä                             :S:Ade:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsältä                             :S:Abl:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsälle                             :S:All:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsänä                              :S:Ess:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsäksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsättä                             :S:Abe:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsät                               :P:Nom:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsien                              :P:Gen:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsäin                              :P:Gen:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsiä                               :P:Par:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsille                             :P:All:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsin                               :P:Ins:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylikypsä
ylikypsine                              :P:Kom:                   ylikypsä
ylikäymätön                             :S:Nom:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömän                          :S:Gen:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymätöntä                           :S:Par:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömässä                        :S:Ine:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömästä                        :S:Ela:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömään                         :S:Ill:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömällä                        :S:Ade:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömältä                        :S:Abl:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömälle                        :S:All:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömänä                         :S:Ess:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömäksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömättä                        :S:Abe:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömät                          :P:Nom:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömien                         :P:Gen:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymätönten                          :P:Gen:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömiä                          :P:Par:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömissä                        :P:Ine:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömistä                        :P:Ela:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömillä                        :P:Ade:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömille                        :P:All:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättöminä                         :P:Ess:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömin                          :P:Ins:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömittä                        :P:Abe:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäymättömine                         :P:Kom:                   ylikäymätön
ylikäytävä                              :S:Nom:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävän                             :S:Gen:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävää                             :S:Par:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävässä                           :S:Ine:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävästä                           :S:Ela:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävään                            :S:Ill:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävällä                           :S:Ade:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävältä                           :S:Abl:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävälle                           :S:All:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävänä                            :S:Ess:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytäväksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävättä                           :S:Abe:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävät                             :P:Nom:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävien                            :P:Gen:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytäväin                            :P:Gen:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytäviä                             :P:Par:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävissä                           :P:Ine:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävistä                           :P:Ela:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytäviin                            :P:Ill:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävillä                           :P:Ade:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytäviltä                           :P:Abl:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytäville                           :P:All:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävinä                            :P:Ess:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytäviksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävin                             :P:Ins:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävittä                           :P:Abe:                   ylikäytävä
ylikäytävine                            :P:Kom:                   ylikäytävä
ylilataus                               :S:Nom:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksen                            :S:Gen:                   ylilataus
ylilatausta                             :S:Par:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylilataus
ylilataukseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksella                          :S:Ade:                   ylilataus
ylilataukselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylilataus
ylilataukselle                          :S:All:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksena                           :S:Ess:                   ylilataus
ylilataukseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylilataus
ylilataukset                            :P:Nom:                   ylilataus
ylilatausten                            :P:Gen:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksien                           :P:Gen:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksia                            :P:Par:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksista                          :P:Ela:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksille                          :P:All:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksina                           :P:Ess:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksin                            :P:Ins:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylilataus
ylilatauksine                           :P:Kom:                   ylilataus
ylilento                                :S:Nom:                   ylilento
ylilennon                               :S:Gen:                   ylilento
ylilentoa                               :S:Par:                   ylilento
ylilennossa                             :S:Ine:                   ylilento
ylilennosta                             :S:Ela:                   ylilento
ylilentoon                              :S:Ill:                   ylilento
ylilennolla                             :S:Ade:                   ylilento
ylilennolta                             :S:Abl:                   ylilento
ylilennolle                             :S:All:                   ylilento
ylilentona                              :S:Ess:                   ylilento
ylilennoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylilento
ylilennotta                             :S:Abe:                   ylilento
ylilennot                               :P:Nom:                   ylilento
ylilentojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylilento
ylilentoja                              :P:Par:                   ylilento
ylilennoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylilento
ylilennoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylilento
ylilentoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylilento
ylilennoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylilento
ylilennoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylilento
ylilennoille                            :P:All:                   ylilento
ylilentoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylilento
ylilennoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylilento
ylilennoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylilento
ylilennoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylilento
ylilentoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylilento
ylileveä                                :S:Nom:                   ylileveä
ylileveän                               :S:Gen:                   ylileveä
ylileveää                               :S:Par:                   ylileveä
ylileveässä                             :S:Ine:                   ylileveä
ylileveästä                             :S:Ela:                   ylileveä
ylileveään                              :S:Ill:                   ylileveä
ylileveällä                             :S:Ade:                   ylileveä
ylileveältä                             :S:Abl:                   ylileveä
ylileveälle                             :S:All:                   ylileveä
ylileveänä                              :S:Ess:                   ylileveä
ylileveäksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylileveä
ylileveättä                             :S:Abe:                   ylileveä
ylileveät                               :P:Nom:                   ylileveä
ylileveiden                             :P:Gen:                   ylileveä
ylileveitten                            :P:Gen:                   ylileveä
ylileveäin                              :P:Gen:                   ylileveä
ylileveitä                              :P:Par:                   ylileveä
ylileveissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylileveä
ylileveistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylileveä
ylileveisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylileveä
ylileveihin                             :P:Ill:                   ylileveä
ylileveillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylileveä
ylileveiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylileveä
ylileveille                             :P:All:                   ylileveä
ylileveinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylileveä
ylileveiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylileveä
ylilevein                               :P:Ins:                   ylileveä
ylileveittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylileveä
ylileveine                              :P:Kom:                   ylileveä
yliloikkari                             :S:Nom:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarin                            :S:Gen:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkaria                            :S:Par:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarissa                          :S:Ine:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarista                          :S:Ela:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkariin                           :S:Ill:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarilla                          :S:Ade:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarilta                          :S:Abl:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarille                          :S:All:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarina                           :S:Ess:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkariksi                          :S:Tra:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkaritta                          :S:Abe:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarit                            :P:Nom:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarien                           :P:Gen:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareiden                         :P:Gen:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareitten                        :P:Gen:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareja                           :P:Par:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareita                          :P:Par:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareissa                         :P:Ine:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareista                         :P:Ela:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareihin                         :P:Ill:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareilla                         :P:Ade:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareilta                         :P:Abl:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareille                         :P:All:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareina                          :P:Ess:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkarein                           :P:Ins:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareitta                         :P:Abe:                   yliloikkari
yliloikkareine                          :P:Kom:                   yliloikkari
yliluonnollinen                         :S:Nom:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisen                         :S:Gen:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollista                         :S:Par:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnolliseen                        :S:Ill:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisella                       :S:Ade:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnolliselta                       :S:Abl:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnolliselle                       :S:All:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisena                        :S:Ess:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnolliseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnolliset                         :P:Nom:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisten                        :P:Gen:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisin                         :P:Gen:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisia                         :P:Par:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisista                       :P:Ela:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisille                       :P:All:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisina                        :P:Ess:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisin                         :P:Ins:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisine                        :P:Kom:                   yliluonnollinen
yliluonnollisuus                        :S:Nom:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuden                      :S:Gen:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuutta                      :S:Par:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuudessa                    :S:Ine:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuudesta                    :S:Ela:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuteen                     :S:Ill:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuudella                    :S:Ade:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuudelta                    :S:Abl:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuudelle                    :S:All:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuutena                     :S:Ess:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuudeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuutta                      :S:Abe:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuudet                      :P:Nom:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksia                     :P:Par:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksille                   :P:All:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluonnollisuuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yliluonnollisuus
yliluottelen                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliluotella
yliluottelet                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluottelee                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluottelemme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluottelette                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluottelevat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluotellaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluottele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotella                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluottelin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yliluotella
yliluottelit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluotteli                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluottelimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluottelitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluottelivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluotellen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliluotella
yliluotellet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluotellee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluotellemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluotellette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluotellevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluottelisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliluotella
yliluottelisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluottelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluottelisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluottelisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluottelisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluottelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluottelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluottele                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluotelkoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluotelkaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluotelkaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluotelkoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluottele                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotella                             :Inf1:                    yliluotella
yliluotellakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  yliluotella
yliluotellessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yliluotella
yliluoteltaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yliluotella
yliluotellen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yliluotella
yliluottelemassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yliluotella
yliluottelemasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yliluotella
yliluottelemaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yliluotella
yliluottelemalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yliluotella
yliluottelematta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yliluotella
yliluotteleman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yliluotella
yliluoteltaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yliluotella
yliluotteleminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                yliluotella
yliluottelemista                        :Inf4:Par:                yliluotella
yliluottelemaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    yliluotella
yliluotteleva                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yliluotella
yliluoteltava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluottelema                           :Cip:Age:                 yliluotella
yliluottelematon                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             yliluotella
yliluotellut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluotelleet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliluotella
yliluoteltu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliluotella
yliluutnantti                           :S:Nom:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantin                           :S:Gen:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanttia                          :S:Par:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantissa                         :S:Ine:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantista                         :S:Ela:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanttiin                         :S:Ill:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantilla                         :S:Ade:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantilta                         :S:Abl:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantille                         :S:All:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanttina                         :S:Ess:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantiksi                         :S:Tra:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantitta                         :S:Abe:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantit                           :P:Nom:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanttien                         :P:Gen:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantteja                         :P:Par:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanteissa                        :P:Ine:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanteista                        :P:Ela:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantteihin                       :P:Ill:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanteilla                        :P:Ade:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanteilta                        :P:Abl:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanteille                        :P:All:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantteina                        :P:Ess:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantein                          :P:Ins:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnanteitta                        :P:Abe:                   yliluutnantti
yliluutnantteine                        :P:Kom:                   yliluutnantti
ylilyönti                               :S:Nom:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönnin                              :S:Gen:                   ylilyönti
ylilyöntiä                              :S:Par:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönnissä                            :S:Ine:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönnistä                            :S:Ela:                   ylilyönti
ylilyöntiin                             :S:Ill:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönnillä                            :S:Ade:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönniltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönnille                            :S:All:                   ylilyönti
ylilyöntinä                             :S:Ess:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönniksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönnittä                            :S:Abe:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönnit                              :P:Nom:                   ylilyönti
ylilyöntien                             :P:Gen:                   ylilyönti
ylilyöntejä                             :P:Par:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönneissä                           :P:Ine:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönneistä                           :P:Ela:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönteihin                           :P:Ill:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönneillä                           :P:Ade:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönneiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönneille                           :P:All:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönteinä                            :P:Ess:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönneiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönnein                             :P:Ins:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönneittä                           :P:Abe:                   ylilyönti
ylilyönteine                            :P:Kom:                   ylilyönti
ylilääkäri                              :S:Nom:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärin                             :S:Gen:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäriä                             :S:Par:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärissä                           :S:Ine:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäristä                           :S:Ela:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäriin                            :S:Ill:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärillä                           :S:Ade:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäriltä                           :S:Abl:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärille                           :S:All:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärinä                            :S:Ess:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäriksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärittä                           :S:Abe:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärit                             :P:Nom:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärien                            :P:Gen:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreiden                          :P:Gen:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreitten                         :P:Gen:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärejä                            :P:Par:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreitä                           :P:Par:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreissä                          :P:Ine:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreistä                          :P:Ela:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreihin                          :P:Ill:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreillä                          :P:Ade:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreille                          :P:All:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreinä                           :P:Ess:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkärein                            :P:Ins:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreittä                          :P:Abe:                   ylilääkäri
ylilääkäreine                           :P:Kom:                   ylilääkäri
ylimaallinen                            :S:Nom:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallista                            :S:Par:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaalliseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaalliselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaalliselle                          :S:All:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaalliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaalliset                            :P:Nom:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisia                            :P:Par:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisille                          :P:All:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylimaallinen
ylimaallisuus                           :S:Nom:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuutta                         :S:Par:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuudelle                       :S:All:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksille                      :P:All:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimaallisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   ylimaallisuus
ylimainostettu                          :S:Nom:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetun                          :S:Gen:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostettua                         :S:Par:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetussa                        :S:Ine:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetusta                        :S:Ela:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostettuun                        :S:Ill:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetulla                        :S:Ade:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetulta                        :S:Abl:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetulle                        :S:All:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostettuna                        :S:Ess:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetutta                        :S:Abe:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetut                          :P:Nom:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostettujen                       :P:Gen:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostettuja                        :P:Par:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuista                       :P:Ela:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostettuihin                      :P:Ill:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuille                       :P:All:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostettuina                       :P:Ess:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuin                         :P:Ins:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostetuitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylimainostettu
ylimainostettuine                       :P:Kom:                   ylimainostettu
ylimalkainen                            :S:Nom:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaista                            :S:Par:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaiselle                          :S:All:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisia                            :P:Par:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisille                          :P:All:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylimalkainen
ylimalkaisuus                           :S:Nom:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuutta                         :S:Par:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuudelle                       :S:All:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksille                      :P:All:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimalkaisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   ylimalkaisuus
ylimatruusi                             :S:Nom:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusin                            :S:Gen:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusia                            :S:Par:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusissa                          :S:Ine:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusista                          :S:Ela:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusiin                           :S:Ill:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusilla                          :S:Ade:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusilta                          :S:Abl:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusille                          :S:All:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusina                           :S:Ess:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusiksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusitta                          :S:Abe:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusit                            :P:Nom:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusien                           :P:Gen:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseja                           :P:Par:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseista                         :P:Ela:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseille                         :P:All:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseina                          :P:Ess:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruusein                           :P:Ins:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylimatruusi
ylimatruuseine                          :P:Kom:                   ylimatruusi
ylimeno                                 :S:Nom:                   ylimeno
ylimenon                                :S:Gen:                   ylimeno
ylimenoa                                :S:Par:                   ylimeno
ylimenossa                              :S:Ine:                   ylimeno
ylimenosta                              :S:Ela:                   ylimeno
ylimenoon                               :S:Ill:                   ylimeno
ylimenolla                              :S:Ade:                   ylimeno
ylimenolta                              :S:Abl:                   ylimeno
ylimenolle                              :S:All:                   ylimeno
ylimenona                               :S:Ess:                   ylimeno
ylimenoksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylimeno
ylimenotta                              :S:Abe:                   ylimeno
ylimenot                                :P:Nom:                   ylimeno
ylimenojen                              :P:Gen:                   ylimeno
ylimenoja                               :P:Par:                   ylimeno
ylimenoissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylimeno
ylimenoista                             :P:Ela:                   ylimeno
ylimenoihin                             :P:Ill:                   ylimeno
ylimenoilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylimeno
ylimenoilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylimeno
ylimenoille                             :P:All:                   ylimeno
ylimenoina                              :P:Ess:                   ylimeno
ylimenoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylimeno
ylimenoin                               :P:Ins:                   ylimeno
ylimenoitta                             :P:Abe:                   ylimeno
ylimenoine                              :P:Kom:                   ylimeno
ylimenoaika                             :S:Nom:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajan                             :S:Gen:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikaa                            :S:Par:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajassa                           :S:Ine:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajasta                           :S:Ela:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikaan                           :S:Ill:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajalla                           :S:Ade:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajalta                           :S:Abl:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajalle                           :S:All:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikana                           :S:Ess:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajatta                           :S:Abe:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajat                             :P:Nom:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikojen                          :P:Gen:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikain                           :P:Gen:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikoja                           :P:Par:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajoissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajoista                          :P:Ela:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajoilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajoilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajoille                          :P:All:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikoina                          :P:Ess:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajoin                            :P:Ins:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoajoitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenoaikoine                          :P:Kom:                   ylimenoaika
ylimenohyökkäys                         :S:Nom:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksen                      :S:Gen:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäystä                       :S:Par:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksessä                    :S:Ine:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksestä                    :S:Ela:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäykseen                     :S:Ill:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksellä                    :S:Ade:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäykseltä                    :S:Abl:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäykselle                    :S:All:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksenä                     :S:Ess:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäykseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksettä                    :S:Abe:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäykset                      :P:Nom:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäysten                      :P:Gen:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksien                     :P:Gen:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksiä                      :P:Par:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksissä                    :P:Ine:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksistä                    :P:Ela:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksillä                    :P:Ade:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksille                    :P:All:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksinä                     :P:Ess:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksin                      :P:Ins:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksittä                    :P:Abe:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenohyökkäyksine                     :P:Kom:                   ylimenohyökkäys
ylimenokausi                            :S:Nom:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokauden                           :S:Gen:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokautta                           :S:Par:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokaudessa                         :S:Ine:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokaudesta                         :S:Ela:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokauteen                          :S:Ill:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokaudella                         :S:Ade:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokaudelta                         :S:Abl:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokaudelle                         :S:All:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokautena                          :S:Ess:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokaudeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokaudetta                         :S:Abe:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokaudet                           :P:Nom:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausien                          :P:Gen:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokautten                          :P:Gen:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausia                           :P:Par:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausista                         :P:Ela:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausille                         :P:All:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausina                          :P:Ess:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausiin                          :P:Ins:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylimenokausi
ylimenokausine                          :P:Kom:                   ylimenokausi
ylimerkintä                             :S:Nom:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnän                            :S:Gen:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintää                            :S:Par:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnässä                          :S:Ine:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnästä                          :S:Ela:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintään                           :S:Ill:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnällä                          :S:Ade:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnältä                          :S:Abl:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnälle                          :S:All:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintänä                           :S:Ess:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnäksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnättä                          :S:Abe:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnät                            :P:Nom:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintöjen                          :P:Gen:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintäin                           :P:Gen:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintöjä                           :P:Par:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnöissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnöistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintöihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnöillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnöille                         :P:All:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintöinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnöin                           :P:Ins:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkinnöittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkintöine                          :P:Kom:                   ylimerkintä
ylimerkitsen                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitset                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsee                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsette                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsevät                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkitse                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitse                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitse                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitse                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitse                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitse                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsi                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsivät                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkittiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnevät                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkittäneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkittäne                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkittäisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkittäisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimerkitse                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitköön                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitkäämme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitkää                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitkööt                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkittäköön                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkitse                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkittäkö                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkitä                              :Inf1:                    ylimerkitä
ylimerkitäkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ylimerkitä
ylimerkitessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkittäessä                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkiten                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemässä                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemästä                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemään                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemällä                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemättä                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemän                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkittämän                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylimerkitä
ylimerkitseminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemistä                        :Inf4:Par:                ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemäisillään                   :Inf5:                    ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsevä                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkittävä                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemä                           :Cip:Age:                 ylimerkitä
ylimerkitsemätön                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylimerkitä
ylimerkinnyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkinneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimerkitä
ylimerkitty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylimerkitä
ylimielinen                             :S:Nom:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisen                             :S:Gen:                   ylimielinen
ylimielistä                             :S:Par:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisessä                           :S:Ine:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisestä                           :S:Ela:                   ylimielinen
ylimieliseen                            :S:Ill:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisellä                           :S:Ade:                   ylimielinen
ylimieliseltä                           :S:Abl:                   ylimielinen
ylimieliselle                           :S:All:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisenä                            :S:Ess:                   ylimielinen
ylimieliseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisettä                           :S:Abe:                   ylimielinen
ylimieliset                             :P:Nom:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisten                            :P:Gen:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisin                             :P:Gen:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisiä                             :P:Par:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisissä                           :P:Ine:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisistä                           :P:Ela:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisillä                           :P:Ade:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisille                           :P:All:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisinä                            :P:Ess:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisin                             :P:Ins:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisittä                           :P:Abe:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisine                            :P:Kom:                   ylimielinen
ylimielisyys                            :S:Nom:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyden                          :S:Gen:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyttä                          :S:Par:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyydessä                        :S:Ine:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyydestä                        :S:Ela:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyteen                         :S:Ill:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyydellä                        :S:Ade:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyydeltä                        :S:Abl:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyydelle                        :S:All:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyytenä                         :S:Ess:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyydeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyttä                          :S:Abe:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyydet                          :P:Nom:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksien                        :P:Gen:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksiä                         :P:Par:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksille                       :P:All:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksin                         :P:Ins:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   ylimielisyys
ylimielisyyksine                        :P:Kom:                   ylimielisyys
yliminä                                 :S:Nom:                   yliminä
yliminän                                :S:Gen:                   yliminä
yliminää                                :S:Par:                   yliminä
yliminässä                              :S:Ine:                   yliminä
yliminästä                              :S:Ela:                   yliminä
yliminään                               :S:Ill:                   yliminä
yliminällä                              :S:Ade:                   yliminä
yliminältä                              :S:Abl:                   yliminä
yliminälle                              :S:All:                   yliminä
yliminänä                               :S:Ess:                   yliminä
yliminäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yliminä
yliminättä                              :S:Abe:                   yliminä
yliminät                                :P:Nom:                   yliminä
yliminien                               :P:Gen:                   yliminä
yliminäin                               :P:Gen:                   yliminä
yliminiä                                :P:Par:                   yliminä
yliminissä                              :P:Ine:                   yliminä
yliministä                              :P:Ela:                   yliminä
yliminiin                               :P:Ill:                   yliminä
yliminillä                              :P:Ade:                   yliminä
yliminiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yliminä
yliminille                              :P:All:                   yliminä
ylimininä                               :P:Ess:                   yliminä
yliminiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yliminä
yliminin                                :P:Ins:                   yliminä
yliminittä                              :P:Abe:                   yliminä
yliminine                               :P:Kom:                   yliminä
ylimitoitan                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitamme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitatte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittavat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitetaan                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoita                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoita                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoita                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoita                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoita                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoita                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoiteta                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitti                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoititte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettaneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettane                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettaisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettaisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimitoita                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittakaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittakaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittakoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoita                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettako                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaa                            :Inf1:                    ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittamassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittamasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittamaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittamalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittamatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittamista                        :Inf4:Par:                ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittamaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittava                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettava                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittama                           :Cip:Age:                 ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittamaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoittaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylimitoittaa
ylimitoitettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylimitoittaa
ylimittainen                            :S:Nom:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaista                            :S:Par:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaiselle                          :S:All:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisia                            :P:Par:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisille                          :P:All:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylimittainen
ylimittaisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylimittainen
ylimmäinen                              :S:Nom:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisen                              :S:Gen:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäistä                              :S:Par:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisessä                            :S:Ine:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisestä                            :S:Ela:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäiseen                             :S:Ill:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisellä                            :S:Ade:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäiselle                            :S:All:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisenä                             :S:Ess:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisettä                            :S:Abe:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäiset                              :P:Nom:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisten                             :P:Gen:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisin                              :P:Gen:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisiä                              :P:Par:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisille                            :P:All:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisin                              :P:Ins:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylimmäinen
ylimmäisine                             :P:Kom:                   ylimmäinen
ylimuistoinen                           :S:Nom:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisen                           :S:Gen:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoista                           :S:Par:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisessa                         :S:Ine:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisesta                         :S:Ela:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisella                         :S:Ade:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoiselta                         :S:Abl:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoiselle                         :S:All:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisena                          :S:Ess:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisetta                         :S:Abe:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoiset                           :P:Nom:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisten                          :P:Gen:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisin                           :P:Gen:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisia                           :P:Par:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisista                         :P:Ela:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisille                         :P:All:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisina                          :P:Ess:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisin                           :P:Ins:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimuistoisine                          :P:Kom:                   ylimuistoinen
ylimyksellinen                          :S:Nom:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisen                          :S:Gen:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellistä                          :S:Par:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisessä                        :S:Ine:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisestä                        :S:Ela:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimykselliseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisellä                        :S:Ade:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimykselliseltä                        :S:Abl:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimykselliselle                        :S:All:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisenä                         :S:Ess:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimykselliseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisettä                        :S:Abe:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimykselliset                          :P:Nom:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisten                         :P:Gen:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisin                          :P:Gen:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisiä                          :P:Par:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisissä                        :P:Ine:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisistä                        :P:Ela:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisillä                        :P:Ade:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisille                        :P:All:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisinä                         :P:Ess:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisin                          :P:Ins:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisittä                        :P:Abe:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisine                         :P:Kom:                   ylimyksellinen
ylimyksellisyys                         :S:Nom:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyden                       :S:Gen:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyttä                       :S:Par:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyydessä                     :S:Ine:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyydestä                     :S:Ela:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyteen                      :S:Ill:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyydellä                     :S:Ade:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyydeltä                     :S:Abl:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyydelle                     :S:All:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyytenä                      :S:Ess:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyydeksi                     :S:Tra:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyttä                       :S:Abe:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyydet                       :P:Nom:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksien                     :P:Gen:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksiä                      :P:Par:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksissä                    :P:Ine:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksistä                    :P:Ela:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksillä                    :P:Ade:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksille                    :P:All:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksinä                     :P:Ess:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksin                      :P:Ins:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksittä                    :P:Abe:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimyksellisyyksine                     :P:Kom:                   ylimyksellisyys
ylimys                                  :S:Nom:                   ylimys
ylimyksen                               :S:Gen:                   ylimys
ylimystä                                :S:Par:                   ylimys
ylimyksessä                             :S:Ine:                   ylimys
ylimyksestä                             :S:Ela:                   ylimys
ylimykseen                              :S:Ill:                   ylimys
ylimyksellä                             :S:Ade:                   ylimys
ylimykseltä                             :S:Abl:                   ylimys
ylimykselle                             :S:All:                   ylimys
ylimyksenä                              :S:Ess:                   ylimys
ylimykseksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylimys
ylimyksettä                             :S:Abe:                   ylimys
ylimykset                               :P:Nom:                   ylimys
ylimysten                               :P:Gen:                   ylimys
ylimyksien                              :P:Gen:                   ylimys
ylimyksiä                               :P:Par:                   ylimys
ylimyksissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylimys
ylimyksistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylimys
ylimyksiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylimys
ylimyksillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylimys
ylimyksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylimys
ylimyksille                             :P:All:                   ylimys
ylimyksinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylimys
ylimyksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylimys
ylimyksin                               :P:Ins:                   ylimys
ylimyksittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylimys
ylimyksine                              :P:Kom:                   ylimys
ylimysnainen                            :S:Nom:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaista                            :S:Par:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaiselle                          :S:All:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisia                            :P:Par:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisille                          :P:All:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylimysnainen
ylimysnaisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylimysnainen
ylimystö                                :S:Nom:                   ylimystö
ylimystön                               :S:Gen:                   ylimystö
ylimystöä                               :S:Par:                   ylimystö
ylimystössä                             :S:Ine:                   ylimystö
ylimystöstä                             :S:Ela:                   ylimystö
ylimystöön                              :S:Ill:                   ylimystö
ylimystöllä                             :S:Ade:                   ylimystö
ylimystöltä                             :S:Abl:                   ylimystö
ylimystölle                             :S:All:                   ylimystö
ylimystönä                              :S:Ess:                   ylimystö
ylimystöksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylimystö
ylimystöttä                             :S:Abe:                   ylimystö
ylimystöt                               :P:Nom:                   ylimystö
ylimystöjen                             :P:Gen:                   ylimystö
ylimystöjä                              :P:Par:                   ylimystö
ylimystöissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylimystö
ylimystöistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylimystö
ylimystöihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylimystö
ylimystöillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylimystö
ylimystöiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylimystö
ylimystöille                            :P:All:                   ylimystö
ylimystöinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylimystö
ylimystöiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylimystö
ylimystöin                              :P:Ins:                   ylimystö
ylimystöittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylimystö
ylimystöine                             :P:Kom:                   ylimystö
ylimysvalta                             :S:Nom:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallan                            :S:Gen:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltaa                            :S:Par:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallassa                          :S:Ine:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallasta                          :S:Ela:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltaan                           :S:Ill:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallalla                          :S:Ade:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallalta                          :S:Abl:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallalle                          :S:All:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltana                           :S:Ess:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallatta                          :S:Abe:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvallat                            :P:Nom:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltojen                          :P:Gen:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltain                           :P:Gen:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltoja                           :P:Par:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvalloissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvalloista                         :P:Ela:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvalloilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvalloilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvalloille                         :P:All:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltoina                          :P:Ess:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvalloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvalloin                           :P:Ins:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvalloitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylimysvalta
ylimysvaltoine                          :P:Kom:                   ylimysvalta
ylimäärä                                :S:Nom:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärän                               :S:Gen:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärää                               :S:Par:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärässä                             :S:Ine:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärästä                             :S:Ela:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärään                              :S:Ill:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärällä                             :S:Ade:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärältä                             :S:Abl:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärälle                             :S:All:                   ylimäärä
ylimääränä                              :S:Ess:                   ylimäärä
ylimääräksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärättä                             :S:Abe:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärät                               :P:Nom:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärien                              :P:Gen:                   ylimäärä
ylimääräin                              :P:Gen:                   ylimäärä
ylimääriä                               :P:Par:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylimäärä
ylimääristä                             :P:Ela:                   ylimäärä
ylimääriin                              :P:Ill:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylimäärä
ylimääriltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärille                             :P:All:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylimäärä
ylimääriksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärin                               :P:Ins:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylimäärä
ylimäärine                              :P:Kom:                   ylimäärä
ylimääräinen                            :S:Nom:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräistä                            :S:Par:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisessä                          :S:Ine:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisestä                          :S:Ela:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisellä                          :S:Ade:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräiseltä                          :S:Abl:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräiselle                          :S:All:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisenä                           :S:Ess:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisettä                          :S:Abe:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisiä                            :P:Par:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisissä                          :P:Ine:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisistä                          :P:Ela:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisillä                          :P:Ade:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisille                          :P:All:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisinä                           :P:Ess:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisittä                          :P:Abe:                   ylimääräinen
ylimääräisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylimääräinen
ylin                                    :S:Nom:                   ylin
ylimmän                                 :S:Gen:                   ylin
ylintä                                  :S:Par:                   ylin
ylimmässä                               :S:Ine:                   ylin
ylimmästä                               :S:Ela:                   ylin
ylimpään                                :S:Ill:                   ylin
ylimmällä                               :S:Ade:                   ylin
ylimmältä                               :S:Abl:                   ylin
ylimmälle                               :S:All:                   ylin
ylimpänä                                :S:Ess:                   ylin
ylimmäksi                               :S:Tra:                   ylin
ylimmättä                               :S:Abe:                   ylin
ylimmät                                 :P:Nom:                   ylin
ylimpien                                :P:Gen:                   ylin
ylinten                                 :P:Gen:                   ylin
ylimpäin                                :P:Gen:                   ylin
ylimpiä                                 :P:Par:                   ylin
ylimmissä                               :P:Ine:                   ylin
ylimmistä                               :P:Ela:                   ylin
ylimpiin                                :P:Ill:                   ylin
ylimmillä                               :P:Ade:                   ylin
ylimmiltä                               :P:Abl:                   ylin
ylimmille                               :P:All:                   ylin
ylimpinä                                :P:Ess:                   ylin
ylimmiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ylin
ylimmin                                 :P:Ins:                   ylin
ylimmittä                               :P:Abe:                   ylin
ylimpine                                :P:Kom:                   ylin
ylinen                                  :S:Nom:                   ylinen
ylisen                                  :S:Gen:                   ylinen
ylistä                                  :S:Par:                   ylinen
ylisessä                                :S:Ine:                   ylinen
ylisestä                                :S:Ela:                   ylinen
yliseen                                 :S:Ill:                   ylinen
ylisellä                                :S:Ade:                   ylinen
yliseltä                                :S:Abl:                   ylinen
yliselle                                :S:All:                   ylinen
ylisenä                                 :S:Ess:                   ylinen
yliseksi                                :S:Tra:                   ylinen
ylisettä                                :S:Abe:                   ylinen
yliset                                  :P:Nom:                   ylinen
ylisten                                 :P:Gen:                   ylinen
ylisin                                  :P:Gen:                   ylinen
ylisiä                                  :P:Par:                   ylinen
ylisissä                                :P:Ine:                   ylinen
ylisistä                                :P:Ela:                   ylinen
ylisiin                                 :P:Ill:                   ylinen
ylisillä                                :P:Ade:                   ylinen
ylisiltä                                :P:Abl:                   ylinen
ylisille                                :P:All:                   ylinen
ylisinä                                 :P:Ess:                   ylinen
ylisiksi                                :P:Tra:                   ylinen
ylisin                                  :P:Ins:                   ylinen
ylisittä                                :P:Abe:                   ylinen
ylisine                                 :P:Kom:                   ylinen
ylinopeus                               :S:Nom:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuden                             :S:Gen:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeutta                             :S:Par:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeudessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeudesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuteen                            :S:Ill:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeudella                           :S:Ade:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeudelta                           :S:Abl:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeudelle                           :S:All:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeutena                            :S:Ess:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeutta                             :S:Abe:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeudet                             :P:Nom:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksien                           :P:Gen:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksia                            :P:Par:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksista                          :P:Ela:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksille                          :P:All:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksina                           :P:Ess:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksin                            :P:Ins:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylinopeus
ylinopeuksine                           :P:Kom:                   ylinopeus
ylinäyttelen                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelet                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelee                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemme                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelette                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelevät                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellään                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäyttele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttele                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellä                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelin                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelit                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytteli                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelimme                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelitte                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelivät                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
ylinäytellen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellevät                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltäneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelle                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltäne                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisivät                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltäisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltäisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
ylinäyttele                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelköön                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelkäämme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelkää                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelkööt                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltäköön                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäyttele                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelkö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltäkö                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellä                             :Inf1:                    ylinäytellä
ylinäytelläkseen                        :Inf1:L:                  ylinäytellä
ylinäytellessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltäessä                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylinäytellä
ylinäytellen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemässä                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemästä                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemään                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemällä                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemättä                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemän                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltämän                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylinäytellä
ylinäytteleminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemistä                        :Inf4:Par:                ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemäisillään                   :Inf5:                    ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelevä                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylinäytellä
ylinäyteltävä                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemä                           :Cip:Age:                 ylinäytellä
ylinäyttelemätön                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylinäytellä
ylinäytellyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelleet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylinäytellä
ylinäytelty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylinäytellä
yliohjautuva                            :S:Nom:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvan                           :S:Gen:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvaa                           :S:Par:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvassa                         :S:Ine:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvasta                         :S:Ela:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvaan                          :S:Ill:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvalla                         :S:Ade:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvalta                         :S:Abl:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvalle                         :S:All:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvana                          :S:Ess:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvatta                         :S:Abe:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvat                           :P:Nom:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvien                          :P:Gen:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvain                          :P:Gen:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvia                           :P:Par:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvissa                         :P:Ine:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvista                         :P:Ela:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuviin                          :P:Ill:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvilla                         :P:Ade:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvilta                         :P:Abl:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuville                         :P:All:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvina                          :P:Ess:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuviksi                         :P:Tra:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvin                           :P:Ins:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvitta                         :P:Abe:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvine                          :P:Kom:                   yliohjautuva
yliohjautuvuus                          :S:Nom:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuden                        :S:Gen:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuutta                        :S:Par:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuudessa                      :S:Ine:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuudesta                      :S:Ela:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuteen                       :S:Ill:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuudella                      :S:Ade:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuudelta                      :S:Abl:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuudelle                      :S:All:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuutena                       :S:Ess:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuudeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuutta                        :S:Abe:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuudet                        :P:Nom:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksia                       :P:Par:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksille                     :P:All:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yliohjautuvuus
yliohjautuvuuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yliohjautuvuus
ylioikeus                               :S:Nom:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuden                             :S:Gen:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeutta                             :S:Par:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeudessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeudesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuteen                            :S:Ill:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeudella                           :S:Ade:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeudelta                           :S:Abl:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeudelle                           :S:All:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeutena                            :S:Ess:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeutta                             :S:Abe:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeudet                             :P:Nom:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksien                           :P:Gen:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksia                            :P:Par:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksista                          :P:Ela:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksille                          :P:All:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksina                           :P:Ess:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksin                            :P:Ins:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylioikeus
ylioikeuksine                           :P:Kom:                   ylioikeus
yliolkainen                             :S:Nom:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisen                             :S:Gen:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaista                             :S:Par:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisella                           :S:Ade:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaiselle                           :S:All:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisena                            :S:Ess:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaiset                             :P:Nom:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisten                            :P:Gen:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisin                             :P:Gen:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisia                             :P:Par:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisista                           :P:Ela:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisille                           :P:All:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisina                            :P:Ess:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisin                             :P:Ins:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisine                            :P:Kom:                   yliolkainen
yliolkaisuus                            :S:Nom:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuden                          :S:Gen:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuutta                          :S:Par:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuteen                         :S:Ill:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuudella                        :S:Ade:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuudelle                        :S:All:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuutena                         :S:Ess:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuutta                          :S:Abe:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuudet                          :P:Nom:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksia                         :P:Par:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksille                       :P:All:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yliolkaisuus
yliolkaisuuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yliolkaisuus
yliopisto                               :S:Nom:                   yliopisto
yliopiston                              :S:Gen:                   yliopisto
yliopistoa                              :S:Par:                   yliopisto
yliopistossa                            :S:Ine:                   yliopisto
yliopistosta                            :S:Ela:                   yliopisto
yliopistoon                             :S:Ill:                   yliopisto
yliopistolla                            :S:Ade:                   yliopisto
yliopistolta                            :S:Abl:                   yliopisto
yliopistolle                            :S:All:                   yliopisto
yliopistona                             :S:Ess:                   yliopisto
yliopistoksi                            :S:Tra:                   yliopisto
yliopistotta                            :S:Abe:                   yliopisto
yliopistot                              :P:Nom:                   yliopisto
yliopistojen                            :P:Gen:                   yliopisto
yliopistoiden                           :P:Gen:                   yliopisto
yliopistoitten                          :P:Gen:                   yliopisto
yliopistoja                             :P:Par:                   yliopisto
yliopistoita                            :P:Par:                   yliopisto
yliopistoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yliopisto
yliopistoista                           :P:Ela:                   yliopisto
yliopistoihin                           :P:Ill:                   yliopisto
yliopistoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yliopisto
yliopistoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yliopisto
yliopistoille                           :P:All:                   yliopisto
yliopistoina                            :P:Ess:                   yliopisto
yliopistoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yliopisto
yliopistoin                             :P:Ins:                   yliopisto
yliopistoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yliopisto
yliopistoine                            :P:Kom:                   yliopisto
yliopistokaupunki                       :S:Nom:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungin                      :S:Gen:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupunkia                      :S:Par:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungissa                    :S:Ine:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungista                    :S:Ela:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupunkiin                     :S:Ill:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungilla                    :S:Ade:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungilta                    :S:Abl:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungille                    :S:All:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupunkina                     :S:Ess:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungiksi                    :S:Tra:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungitta                    :S:Abe:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungit                      :P:Nom:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupunkien                     :P:Gen:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupunkeja                     :P:Par:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungeissa                   :P:Ine:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungeista                   :P:Ela:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupunkeihin                   :P:Ill:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungeilla                   :P:Ade:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungeilta                   :P:Abl:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungeille                   :P:All:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupunkeina                    :P:Ess:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungeiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungein                     :P:Ins:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupungeitta                   :P:Abe:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistokaupunkeine                    :P:Kom:                   yliopistokaupunki
yliopistollinen                         :S:Nom:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisen                         :S:Gen:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollista                         :S:Par:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistolliseen                        :S:Ill:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisella                       :S:Ade:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistolliselta                       :S:Abl:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistolliselle                       :S:All:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisena                        :S:Ess:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistolliseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistolliset                         :P:Nom:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisten                        :P:Gen:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisin                         :P:Gen:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisia                         :P:Par:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisista                       :P:Ela:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisille                       :P:All:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisina                        :P:Ess:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisin                         :P:Ins:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistollisine                        :P:Kom:                   yliopistollinen
yliopistonlehtori                       :S:Nom:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorin                      :S:Gen:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoria                      :S:Par:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorissa                    :S:Ine:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorista                    :S:Ela:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoriin                     :S:Ill:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorilla                    :S:Ade:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorilta                    :S:Abl:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorille                    :S:All:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorina                     :S:Ess:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoriksi                    :S:Tra:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoritta                    :S:Abe:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorit                      :P:Nom:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorien                     :P:Gen:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreiden                   :P:Gen:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreitten                  :P:Gen:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreja                     :P:Par:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreita                    :P:Par:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreissa                   :P:Ine:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreista                   :P:Ela:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreihin                   :P:Ill:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreilla                   :P:Ade:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreilta                   :P:Abl:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreille                   :P:All:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreina                    :P:Ess:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtorein                     :P:Ins:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreitta                   :P:Abe:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonlehtoreine                    :P:Kom:                   yliopistonlehtori
yliopistonopettaja                      :S:Nom:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajan                     :S:Gen:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajaa                     :S:Par:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajassa                   :S:Ine:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajasta                   :S:Ela:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajaan                    :S:Ill:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajalla                   :S:Ade:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajalta                   :S:Abl:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajalle                   :S:All:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajana                    :S:Ess:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajaksi                   :S:Tra:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajatta                   :S:Abe:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajat                     :P:Nom:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajien                    :P:Gen:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajain                    :P:Gen:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajia                     :P:Par:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajissa                   :P:Ine:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajista                   :P:Ela:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajiin                    :P:Ill:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajilla                   :P:Ade:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajilta                   :P:Abl:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajille                   :P:All:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajina                    :P:Ess:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajin                     :P:Ins:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajitta                   :P:Abe:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopistonopettajine                    :P:Kom:                   yliopistonopettaja
yliopisto-opetus                        :S:Nom:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksen                     :S:Gen:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetusta                      :S:Par:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksessa                   :S:Ine:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksesta                   :S:Ela:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetukseen                    :S:Ill:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksella                   :S:Ade:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetukselta                   :S:Abl:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetukselle                   :S:All:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksena                    :S:Ess:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetukseksi                   :S:Tra:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksetta                   :S:Abe:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetukset                     :P:Nom:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetusten                     :P:Gen:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksia                     :P:Par:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksille                   :P:All:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opetuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yliopisto-opetus
yliopisto-opinto                        :S:Nom:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnon                       :S:Gen:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opintoa                       :S:Par:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnossa                     :S:Ine:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnosta                     :S:Ela:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opintoon                      :S:Ill:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnolla                     :S:Ade:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnolta                     :S:Abl:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnolle                     :S:All:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opintona                      :S:Ess:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoksi                     :S:Tra:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnotta                     :S:Abe:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnot                       :P:Nom:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opintojen                     :P:Gen:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opintoja                      :P:Par:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoissa                    :P:Ine:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoista                    :P:Ela:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opintoihin                    :P:Ill:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoilla                    :P:Ade:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoilta                    :P:Abl:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoille                    :P:All:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opintoina                     :P:Ess:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoin                      :P:Ins:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opinnoitta                    :P:Abe:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opintoine                     :P:Kom:                   yliopisto-opinnot
yliopisto-opiskelu                      :S:Nom:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelun                     :S:Gen:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelua                     :S:Par:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelussa                   :S:Ine:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelusta                   :S:Ela:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluun                    :S:Ill:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelulla                   :S:Ade:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelulta                   :S:Abl:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelulle                   :S:All:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluna                    :S:Ess:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluksi                   :S:Tra:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelutta                   :S:Abe:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelut                     :P:Nom:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskelujen                   :P:Gen:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluiden                  :P:Gen:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluitten                 :P:Gen:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluja                    :P:Par:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluita                   :P:Par:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluissa                  :P:Ine:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluista                  :P:Ela:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluihin                  :P:Ill:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluilla                  :P:Ade:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluilta                  :P:Abl:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluille                  :P:All:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluina                   :P:Ess:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluin                    :P:Ins:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluitta                  :P:Abe:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopisto-opiskeluine                   :P:Kom:                   yliopisto-opiskelu
yliopistorakennus                       :S:Nom:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksen                    :S:Gen:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennusta                     :S:Par:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksessa                  :S:Ine:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksesta                  :S:Ela:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennukseen                   :S:Ill:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksella                  :S:Ade:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennukselta                  :S:Abl:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennukselle                  :S:All:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksena                   :S:Ess:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksetta                  :S:Abe:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennukset                    :P:Nom:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennusten                    :P:Gen:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksien                   :P:Gen:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksia                    :P:Par:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksista                  :P:Ela:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksille                  :P:All:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksina                   :P:Ess:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksin                    :P:Ins:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistorakennuksine                   :P:Kom:                   yliopistorakennus
yliopistotasoinen                       :S:Nom:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisen                       :S:Gen:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoista                       :S:Par:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisessa                     :S:Ine:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisesta                     :S:Ela:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoiseen                      :S:Ill:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisella                     :S:Ade:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoiselta                     :S:Abl:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoiselle                     :S:All:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisena                      :S:Ess:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoiseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisetta                     :S:Abe:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoiset                       :P:Nom:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisten                      :P:Gen:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisin                       :P:Gen:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisia                       :P:Par:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisissa                     :P:Ine:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisista                     :P:Ela:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisilla                     :P:Ade:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisilta                     :P:Abl:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisille                     :P:All:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisina                      :P:Ess:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisin                       :P:Ins:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisitta                     :P:Abe:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistotasoisine                      :P:Kom:                   yliopistotasoinen
yliopistovirka                          :S:Nom:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviran                          :S:Gen:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkaa                         :S:Par:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirassa                        :S:Ine:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirasta                        :S:Ela:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkaan                        :S:Ill:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviralla                        :S:Ade:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviralta                        :S:Abl:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviralle                        :S:All:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkana                        :S:Ess:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviraksi                        :S:Tra:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviratta                        :S:Abe:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirat                          :P:Nom:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkojen                       :P:Gen:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkain                        :P:Gen:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkoja                        :P:Par:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviroissa                       :P:Ine:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviroista                       :P:Ela:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviroilla                       :P:Ade:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviroilta                       :P:Abl:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviroille                       :P:All:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkoina                       :P:Ess:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviroiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviroin                         :P:Ins:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistoviroitta                       :P:Abe:                   yliopistovirka
yliopistovirkoine                       :P:Kom:                   yliopistovirka
ylioppilas                              :S:Nom:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaan                             :S:Gen:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilasta                            :S:Par:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaassa                           :S:Ine:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaasta                           :S:Ela:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaaseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaalla                           :S:Ade:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaalta                           :S:Abl:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaalle                           :S:All:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaana                            :S:Ess:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaatta                           :S:Abe:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaat                             :P:Nom:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaiden                           :P:Gen:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaitten                          :P:Gen:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaita                            :P:Par:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaista                           :P:Ela:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilailla                           :P:Ade:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilailta                           :P:Abl:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaille                           :P:All:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaina                            :P:Ess:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilain                             :P:Ins:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilaine                            :P:Kom:                   ylioppilas
ylioppilasaine                          :S:Nom:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineen                        :S:Gen:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasainetta                       :S:Par:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineessa                      :S:Ine:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineesta                      :S:Ela:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineeseen                     :S:Ill:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineella                      :S:Ade:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineelta                      :S:Abl:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineelle                      :S:All:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineena                       :S:Ess:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineetta                      :S:Abe:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineet                        :P:Nom:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineiden                      :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineitten                     :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineita                       :P:Par:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineista                      :P:Ela:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineisiin                     :P:Ill:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineihin                      :P:Ill:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineille                      :P:All:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineina                       :P:Ess:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasainein                        :P:Ins:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasaineine                       :P:Kom:                   ylioppilasaine
ylioppilasjuhla                         :S:Nom:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlan                        :S:Gen:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlaa                        :S:Par:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlassa                      :S:Ine:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlasta                      :S:Ela:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlaan                       :S:Ill:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlalla                      :S:Ade:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlalta                      :S:Abl:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlalle                      :S:All:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlana                       :S:Ess:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlaksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlatta                      :S:Abe:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlat                        :P:Nom:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlien                       :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlain                       :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlia                        :P:Par:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlista                      :P:Ela:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhliin                       :P:Ill:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlille                      :P:All:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlina                       :P:Ess:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhliksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlin                        :P:Ins:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhlitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjuhline                       :P:Kom:                   ylioppilasjuhla
ylioppilasjärjestö                      :S:Nom:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestön                     :S:Gen:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöä                     :S:Par:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestössä                   :S:Ine:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöstä                   :S:Ela:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöön                    :S:Ill:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöllä                   :S:Ade:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöltä                   :S:Abl:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestölle                   :S:All:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestönä                    :S:Ess:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöksi                   :S:Tra:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöttä                   :S:Abe:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöt                     :P:Nom:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöjen                   :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöiden                  :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöitten                 :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöjä                    :P:Par:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöitä                   :P:Par:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöissä                  :P:Ine:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöistä                  :P:Ela:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöihin                  :P:Ill:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöillä                  :P:Ade:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöiltä                  :P:Abl:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöille                  :P:All:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöinä                   :P:Ess:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöin                    :P:Ins:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöittä                  :P:Abe:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilasjärjestöine                   :P:Kom:                   ylioppilasjärjestö
ylioppilaskirjoitus                     :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksen                  :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoitusta                   :S:Par:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksessa                :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksesta                :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoitukseen                 :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksella                :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoitukselta                :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoitukselle                :S:All:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksena                 :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoitukseksi                :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksetta                :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoitukset                  :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoitusten                  :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksien                 :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksia                  :P:Par:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksissa                :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksista                :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksiin                 :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksilla                :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksilta                :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksille                :P:All:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksina                 :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksiksi                :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksin                  :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksitta                :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskirjoituksine                 :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaskirjoitukset
ylioppilaskokelas                       :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaan                      :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelasta                     :S:Par:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaassa                    :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaasta                    :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaaseen                   :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaalla                    :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaalta                    :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaalle                    :S:All:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaana                     :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaaksi                    :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaatta                    :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaat                      :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaiden                    :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaitten                   :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaita                     :P:Par:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaissa                    :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaista                    :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaisiin                   :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelailla                    :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelailta                    :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaille                    :P:All:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaina                     :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelain                      :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaitta                    :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskokelaine                     :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaskokelas
ylioppilaskunta                         :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnan                        :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntaa                        :S:Par:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnassa                      :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnasta                      :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntaan                       :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnalla                      :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnalta                      :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnalle                      :S:All:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntana                       :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnaksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnatta                      :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnat                        :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntien                       :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntain                       :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntia                        :P:Par:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnista                      :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnille                      :P:All:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntina                       :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunniksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnin                        :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskunnitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuntine                       :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaskunta
ylioppilaskuva                          :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvan                         :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvaa                         :S:Par:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvassa                       :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvasta                       :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvaan                        :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvalla                       :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvalta                       :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvalle                       :S:All:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvana                        :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvaksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvatta                       :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvat                         :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvien                        :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvain                        :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvia                         :P:Par:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvista                       :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuviin                        :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuville                       :P:All:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvina                        :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuviksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvin                         :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaskuvine                        :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaskuva
ylioppilaslakki                         :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakin                         :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakkia                        :S:Par:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakissa                       :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakista                       :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakkiin                       :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakilla                       :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakilta                       :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakille                       :S:All:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakkina                       :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakiksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakitta                       :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakit                         :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakkien                       :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakkeja                       :P:Par:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakeissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakeista                      :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakkeihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakeilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakeilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakeille                      :P:All:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakkeina                      :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakein                        :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakeitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslakkeine                      :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaslakki
ylioppilaslaulu                         :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaulun                        :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaulua                        :S:Par:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaulussa                      :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaulusta                      :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluun                       :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaululla                      :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaululta                      :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaululle                      :S:All:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluna                       :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaulutta                      :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaulut                        :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslaulujen                      :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluja                       :P:Par:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluista                     :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluille                     :P:All:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluina                      :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluin                       :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslauluine                      :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaslaulu
ylioppilaslehti                         :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehden                        :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehteä                        :S:Par:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdessä                      :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdestä                      :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehteen                       :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdellä                      :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdeltä                      :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdelle                      :S:All:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehtenä                       :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdettä                      :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdet                        :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehtien                       :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehtiä                        :P:Par:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdissä                      :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdistä                      :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehtiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdillä                      :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdille                      :P:All:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehtinä                       :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdin                        :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehdittä                      :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilaslehtine                       :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaslehti
ylioppilasluokka                        :S:Nom:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokan                        :S:Gen:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkaa                       :S:Par:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokassa                      :S:Ine:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokasta                      :S:Ela:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkaan                      :S:Ill:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokalla                      :S:Ade:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokalta                      :S:Abl:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokalle                      :S:All:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkana                      :S:Ess:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokaksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokatta                      :S:Abe:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokat                        :P:Nom:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkien                      :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkain                      :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkia                       :P:Par:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokista                      :P:Ela:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkiin                      :P:Ill:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokille                      :P:All:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkina                      :P:Ess:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokin                        :P:Ins:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilasluokkine                      :P:Kom:                   ylioppilasluokka
ylioppilaslyyra                         :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyran                        :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyraa                        :S:Par:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyrassa                      :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyrasta                      :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyraan                       :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyralla                      :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyralta                      :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyralle                      :S:All:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyrana                       :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyraksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyratta                      :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyrat                        :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyrojen                      :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyrain                       :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroja                       :P:Par:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroista                     :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroille                     :P:All:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroina                      :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroin                       :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilaslyyroine                      :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaslyyra
ylioppilasmerkonomi                     :S:Nom:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomin                    :S:Gen:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomia                    :S:Par:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomissa                  :S:Ine:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomista                  :S:Ela:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomiin                   :S:Ill:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomilla                  :S:Ade:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomilta                  :S:Abl:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomille                  :S:All:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomina                   :S:Ess:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomiksi                  :S:Tra:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomitta                  :S:Abe:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomit                    :P:Nom:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomien                   :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeja                   :P:Par:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeissa                 :P:Ine:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeista                 :P:Ela:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeihin                 :P:Ill:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeilla                 :P:Ade:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeilta                 :P:Abl:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeille                 :P:All:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeina                  :P:Ess:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomein                   :P:Ins:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeitta                 :P:Abe:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilasmerkonomeine                  :P:Kom:                   ylioppilasmerkonomi
ylioppilaspohjainen                     :S:Nom:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisen                     :S:Gen:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaista                     :S:Par:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisessa                   :S:Ine:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisesta                   :S:Ela:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaiseen                    :S:Ill:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisella                   :S:Ade:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaiselta                   :S:Abl:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaiselle                   :S:All:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisena                    :S:Ess:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaiseksi                   :S:Tra:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisetta                   :S:Abe:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaiset                     :P:Nom:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisten                    :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisin                     :P:Gen:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisia                     :P:Par:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisissa                   :P:Ine:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisista                   :P:Ela:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisiin                    :P:Ill:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisilla                   :P:Ade:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisilta                   :P:Abl:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisille                   :P:All:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisina                    :P:Ess:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisin                     :P:Ins:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisitta                   :P:Abe:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilaspohjaisine                    :P:Kom:                   ylioppilaspohjainen
ylioppilasruusu                         :S:Nom:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusun                        :S:Gen:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusua                        :S:Par:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusussa                      :S:Ine:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruususta                      :S:Ela:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuun                       :S:Ill:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusulla                      :S:Ade:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusulta                      :S:Abl:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusulle                      :S:All:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuna                       :S:Ess:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusutta                      :S:Abe:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusut                        :P:Nom:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusujen                      :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuja                       :P:Par:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuista                     :P:Ela:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuille                     :P:All:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuina                      :P:Ess:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuin                       :P:Ins:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilasruusuine                      :P:Kom:                   ylioppilasruusu
ylioppilastalo                          :S:Nom:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalon                         :S:Gen:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloa                         :S:Par:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalossa                       :S:Ine:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalosta                       :S:Ela:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloon                        :S:Ill:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalolla                       :S:Ade:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalolta                       :S:Abl:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalolle                       :S:All:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalona                        :S:Ess:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalotta                       :S:Abe:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalot                         :P:Nom:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastalojen                       :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloiden                      :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloitten                     :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloja                        :P:Par:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloita                       :P:Par:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloista                      :P:Ela:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloihin                      :P:Ill:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloille                      :P:All:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloina                       :P:Ess:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloin                        :P:Ins:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilastaloine                       :P:Kom:                   ylioppilastalo
ylioppilasteatteri                      :S:Nom:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterin                     :S:Gen:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatteria                     :S:Par:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterissa                   :S:Ine:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterista                   :S:Ela:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatteriin                    :S:Ill:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterilla                   :S:Ade:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterilta                   :S:Abl:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterille                   :S:All:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterina                    :S:Ess:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatteriksi                   :S:Tra:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatteritta                   :S:Abe:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterit                     :P:Nom:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterien                    :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereiden                  :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereitten                 :P:Gen:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereja                    :P:Par:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereita                   :P:Par:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereissa                  :P:Ine:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereista                  :P:Ela:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereihin                  :P:Ill:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereilla                  :P:Ade:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereilta                  :P:Abl:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereille                  :P:All:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereina                   :P:Ess:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteatterein                    :P:Ins:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereitta                  :P:Abe:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilasteattereine                   :P:Kom:                   ylioppilasteatteri
ylioppilastodistus                      :S:Nom:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksen                   :S:Gen:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistusta                    :S:Par:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksessa                 :S:Ine:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksesta                 :S:Ela:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistukseen                  :S:Ill:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksella                 :S:Ade:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistukselta                 :S:Abl:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistukselle                 :S:All:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksena                  :S:Ess:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistukseksi                 :S:Tra:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksetta                 :S:Abe:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistukset                   :P:Nom:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistusten                   :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksien                  :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksia                   :P:Par:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksissa                 :P:Ine:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksista                 :P:Ela:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksiin                  :P:Ill:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksilla                 :P:Ade:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksilta                 :P:Abl:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksille                 :P:All:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksina                  :P:Ess:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksin                   :P:Ins:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksitta                 :P:Abe:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastodistuksine                  :P:Kom:                   ylioppilastodistus
ylioppilastutkinto                      :S:Nom:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnon                     :S:Gen:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintoa                     :S:Par:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnossa                   :S:Ine:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnosta                   :S:Ela:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintoon                    :S:Ill:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnolla                   :S:Ade:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnolta                   :S:Abl:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnolle                   :S:All:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintona                    :S:Ess:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoksi                   :S:Tra:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnotta                   :S:Abe:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnot                     :P:Nom:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintojen                   :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintoja                    :P:Par:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoissa                  :P:Ine:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoista                  :P:Ela:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintoihin                  :P:Ill:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoilla                  :P:Ade:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoilta                  :P:Abl:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoille                  :P:All:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintoina                   :P:Ess:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoin                    :P:Ins:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkinnoitta                  :P:Abe:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintoine                   :P:Kom:                   ylioppilastutkinto
ylioppilastutkintolautakunta            :S:Nom:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnan           :S:Gen:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntaa           :S:Par:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnassa         :S:Ine:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnasta         :S:Ela:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntaan          :S:Ill:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnalla         :S:Ade:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnalta         :S:Abl:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnalle         :S:All:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntana          :S:Ess:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnaksi         :S:Tra:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnatta         :S:Abe:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnat           :P:Nom:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntien          :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntain          :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntia           :P:Par:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnissa         :P:Ine:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnista         :P:Ela:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntiin          :P:Ill:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnilla         :P:Ade:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnilta         :P:Abl:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnille         :P:All:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntina          :P:Ess:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunniksi         :P:Tra:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnin           :P:Ins:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakunnitta         :P:Abe:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintolautakuntine          :P:Kom:                   ylioppilastutkintolautakunta
ylioppilastutkintotodistus              :S:Nom:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksen           :S:Gen:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistusta            :S:Par:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksessa         :S:Ine:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksesta         :S:Ela:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistukseen          :S:Ill:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksella         :S:Ade:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistukselta         :S:Abl:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistukselle         :S:All:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksena          :S:Ess:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistukseksi         :S:Tra:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksetta         :S:Abe:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistukset           :P:Nom:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistusten           :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksien          :P:Gen:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksia           :P:Par:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksissa         :P:Ine:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksista         :P:Ela:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksiin          :P:Ill:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksilla         :P:Ade:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksilta         :P:Abl:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksille         :P:All:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksina          :P:Ess:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksiksi         :P:Tra:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksin           :P:Ins:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksitta         :P:Abe:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppilastutkintotodistuksine          :P:Kom:                   ylioppilastutkintotodistus
ylioppiminen                            :S:Nom:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimista                            :S:Par:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimiselle                          :S:All:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisia                            :P:Par:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisille                          :P:All:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylioppiminen
ylioppimisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylioppiminen
yliote                                  :S:Nom:                   yliote
yliotteen                               :S:Gen:                   yliote
yliotetta                               :S:Par:                   yliote
yliotteessa                             :S:Ine:                   yliote
yliotteesta                             :S:Ela:                   yliote
yliotteeseen                            :S:Ill:                   yliote
yliotteella                             :S:Ade:                   yliote
yliotteelta                             :S:Abl:                   yliote
yliotteelle                             :S:All:                   yliote
yliotteena                              :S:Ess:                   yliote
yliotteeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yliote
yliotteetta                             :S:Abe:                   yliote
yliotteet                               :P:Nom:                   yliote
yliotteiden                             :P:Gen:                   yliote
ylioteitten                             :P:Gen:                   yliote
yliotteita                              :P:Par:                   yliote
yliotteissa                             :P:Ine:                   yliote
yliotteista                             :P:Ela:                   yliote
yliotteisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yliote
yliotteihin                             :P:Ill:                   yliote
yliotteilla                             :P:Ade:                   yliote
yliotteilta                             :P:Abl:                   yliote
yliotteille                             :P:All:                   yliote
yliotteina                              :P:Ess:                   yliote
yliotteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yliote
yliottein                               :P:Ins:                   yliote
yliotteitta                             :P:Abe:                   yliote
yliotteine                              :P:Kom:                   yliote
ylipaine                                :S:Nom:                   ylipaine
ylipaineen                              :S:Gen:                   ylipaine
ylipainetta                             :S:Par:                   ylipaine
ylipaineessa                            :S:Ine:                   ylipaine
ylipaineesta                            :S:Ela:                   ylipaine
ylipaineeseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylipaine
ylipaineella                            :S:Ade:                   ylipaine
ylipaineelta                            :S:Abl:                   ylipaine
ylipaineelle                            :S:All:                   ylipaine
ylipaineena                             :S:Ess:                   ylipaine
ylipaineeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylipaine
ylipaineetta                            :S:Abe:                   ylipaine
ylipaineet                              :P:Nom:                   ylipaine
ylipaineiden                            :P:Gen:                   ylipaine
ylipaineitten                           :P:Gen:                   ylipaine
ylipaineita                             :P:Par:                   ylipaine
ylipaineissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylipaine
ylipaineista                            :P:Ela:                   ylipaine
ylipaineisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylipaine
ylipaineihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylipaine
ylipaineilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylipaine
ylipaineilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylipaine
ylipaineille                            :P:All:                   ylipaine
ylipaineina                             :P:Ess:                   ylipaine
ylipaineiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylipaine
ylipainein                              :P:Ins:                   ylipaine
ylipaineitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylipaine
ylipaineine                             :P:Kom:                   ylipaine
ylipainehalli                           :S:Nom:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallin                          :S:Gen:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallia                          :S:Par:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallissa                        :S:Ine:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallista                        :S:Ela:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalliin                         :S:Ill:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallilla                        :S:Ade:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallilta                        :S:Abl:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallille                        :S:All:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallina                         :S:Ess:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalliksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallitta                        :S:Abe:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallit                          :P:Nom:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallien                         :P:Gen:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleja                         :P:Par:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleista                       :P:Ela:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleihin                       :P:Ill:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleille                       :P:All:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleina                        :P:Ess:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehallein                         :P:Ins:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylipainehalli
ylipainehalleine                        :P:Kom:                   ylipainehalli
ylipaineinen                            :S:Nom:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineista                            :S:Par:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineiselle                          :S:All:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisia                            :P:Par:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisille                          :P:All:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaineisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylipaineinen
ylipaino                                :S:Nom:                   ylipaino
ylipainon                               :S:Gen:                   ylipaino
ylipainoa                               :S:Par:                   ylipaino
ylipainossa                             :S:Ine:                   ylipaino
ylipainosta                             :S:Ela:                   ylipaino
ylipainoon                              :S:Ill:                   ylipaino
ylipainolla                             :S:Ade:                   ylipaino
ylipainolta                             :S:Abl:                   ylipaino
ylipainolle                             :S:All:                   ylipaino
ylipainona                              :S:Ess:                   ylipaino
ylipainoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylipaino
ylipainotta                             :S:Abe:                   ylipaino
ylipainot                               :P:Nom:                   ylipaino
ylipainojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylipaino
ylipainoja                              :P:Par:                   ylipaino
ylipainoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylipaino
ylipainoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylipaino
ylipainoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylipaino
ylipainoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylipaino
ylipainoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylipaino
ylipainoille                            :P:All:                   ylipaino
ylipainoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylipaino
ylipainoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylipaino
ylipainoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylipaino
ylipainoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylipaino
ylipainoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylipaino
ylipainoinen                            :S:Nom:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoista                            :S:Par:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoiselle                          :S:All:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisia                            :P:Par:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisille                          :P:All:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylipainoinen
ylipainoisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylipainoinen
ylipalvelus                             :S:Nom:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksen                          :S:Gen:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalvelusta                           :S:Par:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksessa                        :S:Ine:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksesta                        :S:Ela:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalvelukseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksella                        :S:Ade:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalvelukselta                        :S:Abl:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalvelukselle                        :S:All:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksena                         :S:Ess:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalvelukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksetta                        :S:Abe:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalvelukset                          :P:Nom:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalvelusten                          :P:Gen:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksien                         :P:Gen:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksia                          :P:Par:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksista                        :P:Ela:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksille                        :P:All:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksina                         :P:Ess:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksin                          :P:Ins:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylipalvelus
ylipalveluksine                         :P:Kom:                   ylipalvelus
ylipapitar                              :S:Nom:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittaren                           :S:Gen:                   ylipapitar
ylipapitarta                            :S:Par:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittaressa                         :S:Ine:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittaresta                         :S:Ela:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittareen                          :S:Ill:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarella                         :S:Ade:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarelta                         :S:Abl:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarelle                         :S:All:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarena                          :S:Ess:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittareksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittaretta                         :S:Abe:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittaret                           :P:Nom:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarien                          :P:Gen:                   ylipapitar
ylipapitarten                           :P:Gen:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittaria                           :P:Par:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarista                         :P:Ela:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittariin                          :P:Ill:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarille                         :P:All:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarina                          :P:Ess:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittariksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarin                           :P:Ins:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittaritta                         :P:Abe:                   ylipapitar
ylipapittarine                          :P:Kom:                   ylipapitar
ylipappi                                :S:Nom:                   ylipappi
ylipapin                                :S:Gen:                   ylipappi
ylipappia                               :S:Par:                   ylipappi
ylipapissa                              :S:Ine:                   ylipappi
ylipapista                              :S:Ela:                   ylipappi
ylipappiin                              :S:Ill:                   ylipappi
ylipapilla                              :S:Ade:                   ylipappi
ylipapilta                              :S:Abl:                   ylipappi
ylipapille                              :S:All:                   ylipappi
ylipappina                              :S:Ess:                   ylipappi
ylipapiksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylipappi
ylipapitta                              :S:Abe:                   ylipappi
ylipapit                                :P:Nom:                   ylipappi
ylipappien                              :P:Gen:                   ylipappi
ylipappeja                              :P:Par:                   ylipappi
ylipapeissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylipappi
ylipapeista                             :P:Ela:                   ylipappi
ylipappeihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylipappi
ylipapeilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylipappi
ylipapeilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylipappi
ylipapeille                             :P:All:                   ylipappi
ylipappeina                             :P:Ess:                   ylipappi
ylipapeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylipappi
ylipapein                               :P:Ins:                   ylipappi
ylipapeitta                             :P:Abe:                   ylipappi
ylipappeine                             :P:Kom:                   ylipappi
yliperämies                             :S:Nom:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehen                           :S:Gen:                   yliperämies
yliperämiestä                           :S:Par:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehessä                         :S:Ine:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehestä                         :S:Ela:                   yliperämies
yliperämieheen                          :S:Ill:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehellä                         :S:Ade:                   yliperämies
yliperämieheltä                         :S:Abl:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehelle                         :S:All:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehenä                          :S:Ess:                   yliperämies
yliperämieheksi                         :S:Tra:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehettä                         :S:Abe:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehet                           :P:Nom:                   yliperämies
yliperämiesten                          :P:Gen:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehien                          :P:Gen:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehiä                           :P:Par:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehissä                         :P:Ine:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehistä                         :P:Ela:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehiin                          :P:Ill:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehillä                         :P:Ade:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehille                         :P:All:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehinä                          :P:Ess:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehin                           :P:Ins:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehittä                         :P:Abe:                   yliperämies
yliperämiehine                          :P:Kom:                   yliperämies
ylipitkä                                :S:Nom:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkän                               :S:Gen:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkää                               :S:Par:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkässä                             :S:Ine:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkästä                             :S:Ela:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkään                              :S:Ill:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkällä                             :S:Ade:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkältä                             :S:Abl:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkälle                             :S:All:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkänä                              :S:Ess:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkäksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkättä                             :S:Abe:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkät                               :P:Nom:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkien                              :P:Gen:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkäin                              :P:Gen:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkiä                               :P:Par:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkille                             :P:All:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkin                               :P:Ins:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylipitkä
ylipitkine                              :P:Kom:                   ylipitkä
ylipituus                               :S:Nom:                   ylipituus
ylipituuden                             :S:Gen:                   ylipituus
ylipituutta                             :S:Par:                   ylipituus
ylipituudessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylipituus
ylipituudesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylipituus
ylipituuteen                            :S:Ill:                   ylipituus
ylipituudella                           :S:Ade:                   ylipituus
ylipituudelta                           :S:Abl:                   ylipituus
ylipituudelle                           :S:All:                   ylipituus
ylipituutena                            :S:Ess:                   ylipituus
ylipituudeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylipituus
ylipituutta                             :S:Abe:                   ylipituus
ylipituudet                             :P:Nom:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksien                           :P:Gen:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksia                            :P:Par:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksista                          :P:Ela:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksille                          :P:All:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksina                           :P:Ess:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksin                            :P:Ins:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylipituus
ylipituuksine                           :P:Kom:                   ylipituus
ylipormestari                           :S:Nom:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarin                          :S:Gen:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestaria                          :S:Par:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarissa                        :S:Ine:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarista                        :S:Ela:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestariin                         :S:Ill:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarilla                        :S:Ade:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarilta                        :S:Abl:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarille                        :S:All:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarina                         :S:Ess:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestariksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestaritta                        :S:Abe:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarit                          :P:Nom:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarien                         :P:Gen:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareiden                       :P:Gen:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareitten                      :P:Gen:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareja                         :P:Par:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareita                        :P:Par:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareista                       :P:Ela:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareihin                       :P:Ill:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareille                       :P:All:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareina                        :P:Ess:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestarein                         :P:Ins:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylipormestari
ylipormestareine                        :P:Kom:                   ylipormestari
ylipuhun                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhut                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuu                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhumme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhutte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuvat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhutaan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhu                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuta                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipuhuin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhui                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuivat                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipuhunen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunevat                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhune                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipuhuisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipuhu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhukoon                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhukaamme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhukaa                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhukoot                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhu                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuko                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhua                                :Inf1:                    ylipuhua
ylipuhuakseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ylipuhua
ylipuhuessa                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylipuhua
ylipuhuttaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylipuhua
ylipuhuen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylipuhua
ylipuhumassa                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylipuhua
ylipuhumasta                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylipuhua
ylipuhumaan                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylipuhua
ylipuhumalla                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylipuhua
ylipuhumatta                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylipuhua
ylipuhuman                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylipuhua
ylipuhuttaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylipuhua
ylipuhuminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ylipuhua
ylipuhumista                            :Inf4:Par:                ylipuhua
ylipuhumaisillaan                       :Inf5:                    ylipuhua
ylipuhuva                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylipuhua
ylipuhuttava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhuma                               :Cip:Age:                 ylipuhua
ylipuhumaton                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylipuhua
ylipuhunut                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylipuhua
ylipuhuttu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylipuhua
ylipursimies                            :S:Nom:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehen                          :S:Gen:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiestä                          :S:Par:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehessä                        :S:Ine:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehestä                        :S:Ela:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimieheen                         :S:Ill:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehellä                        :S:Ade:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimieheltä                        :S:Abl:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehelle                        :S:All:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehenä                         :S:Ess:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimieheksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehettä                        :S:Abe:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehet                          :P:Nom:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiesten                         :P:Gen:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehien                         :P:Gen:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehiä                          :P:Par:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehissä                        :P:Ine:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehistä                        :P:Ela:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehillä                        :P:Ade:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehille                        :P:All:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehinä                         :P:Ess:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehin                          :P:Ins:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehittä                        :P:Abe:                   ylipursimies
ylipursimiehine                         :P:Kom:                   ylipursimies
ylipursuava                             :S:Nom:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavan                            :S:Gen:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavaa                            :S:Par:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavassa                          :S:Ine:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavasta                          :S:Ela:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavaan                           :S:Ill:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavalla                          :S:Ade:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavalta                          :S:Abl:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavalle                          :S:All:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavana                           :S:Ess:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavatta                          :S:Abe:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavat                            :P:Nom:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavien                           :P:Gen:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavain                           :P:Gen:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavia                            :P:Par:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavista                          :P:Ela:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuaviin                           :P:Ill:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuaville                          :P:All:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavina                           :P:Ess:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuaviksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavin                            :P:Ins:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuavine                           :P:Kom:                   ylipursuava
ylipursuva                              :S:Nom:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvan                             :S:Gen:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvaa                             :S:Par:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvassa                           :S:Ine:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvasta                           :S:Ela:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvaan                            :S:Ill:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvalla                           :S:Ade:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvalta                           :S:Abl:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvalle                           :S:All:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvana                            :S:Ess:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvatta                           :S:Abe:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvat                             :P:Nom:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvien                            :P:Gen:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvain                            :P:Gen:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvia                             :P:Par:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvista                           :P:Ela:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuviin                            :P:Ill:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuville                           :P:All:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvina                            :P:Ess:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuviksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvin                             :P:Ins:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylipursuva
ylipursuvine                            :P:Kom:                   ylipursuva
ylipäällikkyys                          :S:Nom:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyden                        :S:Gen:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyttä                        :S:Par:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyydessä                      :S:Ine:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyydestä                      :S:Ela:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyteen                       :S:Ill:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyydellä                      :S:Ade:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyydeltä                      :S:Abl:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyydelle                      :S:All:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyytenä                       :S:Ess:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyydeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyttä                        :S:Abe:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyydet                        :P:Nom:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksien                      :P:Gen:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksiä                       :P:Par:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksille                     :P:All:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksin                       :P:Ins:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkyyksine                      :P:Kom:                   ylipäällikkyys
ylipäällikkö                            :S:Nom:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikön                            :S:Gen:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikköä                           :S:Par:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikössä                          :S:Ine:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköstä                          :S:Ela:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikköön                          :S:Ill:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköllä                          :S:Ade:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköltä                          :S:Abl:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikölle                          :S:All:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikkönä                          :S:Ess:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköttä                          :S:Abe:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköt                            :P:Nom:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikköjen                         :P:Gen:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköiden                         :P:Gen:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköitten                        :P:Gen:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikköjä                          :P:Par:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköitä                          :P:Par:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikköihin                        :P:Ill:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköille                         :P:All:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäällikköinä                         :P:Ess:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköin                           :P:Ins:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipäälliköine                          :P:Kom:                   ylipäällikkö
ylipääsemätön                           :S:Nom:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömän                        :S:Gen:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemätöntä                         :S:Par:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömässä                      :S:Ine:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömästä                      :S:Ela:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömään                       :S:Ill:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömällä                      :S:Ade:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömältä                      :S:Abl:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömälle                      :S:All:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömänä                       :S:Ess:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömäksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömättä                      :S:Abe:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömät                        :P:Nom:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömien                       :P:Gen:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemätönten                        :P:Gen:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömiä                        :P:Par:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömissä                      :P:Ine:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömistä                      :P:Ela:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömillä                      :P:Ade:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömille                      :P:All:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättöminä                       :P:Ess:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömin                        :P:Ins:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömittä                      :P:Abe:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsemättömine                       :P:Kom:                   ylipääsemätön
ylipääsy                                :S:Nom:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyn                               :S:Gen:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyä                               :S:Par:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyssä                             :S:Ine:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsystä                             :S:Ela:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyyn                              :S:Ill:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyllä                             :S:Ade:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyltä                             :S:Abl:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsylle                             :S:All:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsynä                              :S:Ess:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyttä                             :S:Abe:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyt                               :P:Nom:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyjen                             :P:Gen:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyjä                              :P:Par:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyille                            :P:All:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyin                              :P:Ins:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylipääsy
ylipääsyine                             :P:Kom:                   ylipääsy
ylirasitan                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaa                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitamme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitatte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittavat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitetaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasita                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasita                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasita                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasita                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasita                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasita                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasiteta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasitin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitti                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasititte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasittanen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasita                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittakaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittakaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittakoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasita                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittaa                             :Inf1:                    ylirasittaa
ylirasittaakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  ylirasittaa
ylirasittaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylirasittaa
ylirasitettaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylirasittaa
ylirasittaen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylirasittaa
ylirasittamassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylirasittaa
ylirasittamasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylirasittaa
ylirasittamaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylirasittaa
ylirasittamalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylirasittaa
ylirasittamatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylirasittaa
ylirasittaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylirasittaa
ylirasitettaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylirasittaa
ylirasittaminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                ylirasittaa
ylirasittamista                         :Inf4:Par:                ylirasittaa
ylirasittamaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    ylirasittaa
ylirasittava                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylirasittaa
ylirasitettava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittama                            :Cip:Age:                 ylirasittaa
ylirasittamaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylirasittaa
ylirasittanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasittaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittaa
ylirasitettu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittaa
ylirasitun                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylirasittua
ylirasitut                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasitumme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasitutte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuvat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasitutaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasitu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasitu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasitu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasitu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasitu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasitu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasituin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylirasittua
ylirasituit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittui                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasituitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasittunen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasittuisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasitu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittukoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasittukaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittukaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittukoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasitu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittua                             :Inf1:                    ylirasittua
ylirasittuakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  ylirasittua
ylirasittuessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylirasittua
ylirasituttaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylirasittua
ylirasittuen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylirasittua
ylirasittumassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylirasittua
ylirasittumasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylirasittua
ylirasittumaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylirasittua
ylirasittumalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylirasittua
ylirasittumatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylirasittua
ylirasittuman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylirasittua
ylirasituttaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylirasittua
ylirasittuminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                ylirasittua
ylirasittumista                         :Inf4:Par:                ylirasittua
ylirasittumaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    ylirasittua
ylirasittuva                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylirasittua
ylirasituttava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittuma                            :Cip:Age:                 ylirasittua
ylirasittumaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasittuneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylirasittua
ylirasituttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylirasittua
ylirasittunut                           :S:Nom:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneen                          :S:Gen:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittunutta                         :S:Par:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneessa                        :S:Ine:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneesta                        :S:Ela:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneeseen                       :S:Ill:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneella                        :S:Ade:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneelta                        :S:Abl:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneelle                        :S:All:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneena                         :S:Ess:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneetta                        :S:Abe:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneet                          :P:Nom:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneiden                        :P:Gen:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneitten                       :P:Gen:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneita                         :P:Par:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneista                        :P:Ela:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneihin                        :P:Ill:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneille                        :P:All:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneina                         :P:Ess:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittunein                          :P:Ins:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasittuneine                         :P:Kom:                   ylirasittunut
ylirasitus                              :S:Nom:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksen                           :S:Gen:                   ylirasitus
ylirasitusta                            :S:Par:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ylirasitus
ylirasitukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksella                         :S:Ade:                   ylirasitus
ylirasitukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ylirasitus
ylirasitukselle                         :S:All:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksena                          :S:Ess:                   ylirasitus
ylirasitukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ylirasitus
ylirasitukset                           :P:Nom:                   ylirasitus
ylirasitusten                           :P:Gen:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksien                          :P:Gen:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksia                           :P:Par:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksista                         :P:Ela:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksille                         :P:All:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksina                          :P:Ess:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksin                           :P:Ins:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylirasitus
ylirasituksine                          :P:Kom:                   ylirasitus
ylireagoin                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoit                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoimme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoivat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoidaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoida                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylireagoin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylireagoinen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoine                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylireagoisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoikoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoikaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoikaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoikoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoi                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoiko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoiko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoiko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoiko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoida                             :Inf1:                    ylireagoida
ylireagoidakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  ylireagoida
ylireagoidessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylireagoida
ylireagoitaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylireagoida
ylireagoiden                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylireagoida
ylireagoimassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylireagoida
ylireagoimasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylireagoida
ylireagoimaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylireagoida
ylireagoimalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylireagoida
ylireagoimatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylireagoida
ylireagoiman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylireagoida
ylireagoitaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylireagoida
ylireagoiminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ylireagoida
ylireagoimista                          :Inf4:Par:                ylireagoida
ylireagoimaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    ylireagoida
ylireagoiva                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylireagoida
ylireagoitava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoima                             :Cip:Age:                 ylireagoida
ylireagoimaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylireagoida
ylireagoinut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoineet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylireagoida
ylireagoitu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylireagoida
ylisana                                 :S:Nom:                   ylisana
ylisanan                                :S:Gen:                   ylisana
ylisanaa                                :S:Par:                   ylisana
ylisanassa                              :S:Ine:                   ylisana
ylisanasta                              :S:Ela:                   ylisana
ylisanaan                               :S:Ill:                   ylisana
ylisanalla                              :S:Ade:                   ylisana
ylisanalta                              :S:Abl:                   ylisana
ylisanalle                              :S:All:                   ylisana
ylisanana                               :S:Ess:                   ylisana
ylisanaksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylisana
ylisanatta                              :S:Abe:                   ylisana
ylisanat                                :P:Nom:                   ylisana
ylisanojen                              :P:Gen:                   ylisana
ylisanain                               :P:Gen:                   ylisana
ylisanoja                               :P:Par:                   ylisana
ylisanoissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylisana
ylisanoista                             :P:Ela:                   ylisana
ylisanoihin                             :P:Ill:                   ylisana
ylisanoilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylisana
ylisanoilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylisana
ylisanoille                             :P:All:                   ylisana
ylisanoina                              :P:Ess:                   ylisana
ylisanoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylisana
ylisanoin                               :P:Ins:                   ylisana
ylisanoitta                             :P:Abe:                   ylisana
ylisanoine                              :P:Kom:                   ylisana
yliskamari                              :S:Nom:                   yliskamari
yliskamarin                             :S:Gen:                   yliskamari
yliskamaria                             :S:Par:                   yliskamari
yliskamarissa                           :S:Ine:                   yliskamari
yliskamarista                           :S:Ela:                   yliskamari
yliskamariin                            :S:Ill:                   yliskamari
yliskamarilla                           :S:Ade:                   yliskamari
yliskamarilta                           :S:Abl:                   yliskamari
yliskamarille                           :S:All:                   yliskamari
yliskamarina                            :S:Ess:                   yliskamari
yliskamariksi                           :S:Tra:                   yliskamari
yliskamaritta                           :S:Abe:                   yliskamari
yliskamarit                             :P:Nom:                   yliskamari
yliskamarien                            :P:Gen:                   yliskamari
yliskamareiden                          :P:Gen:                   yliskamari
yliskamareitten                         :P:Gen:                   yliskamari
yliskamareja                            :P:Par:                   yliskamari
yliskamareita                           :P:Par:                   yliskamari
yliskamareissa                          :P:Ine:                   yliskamari
yliskamareista                          :P:Ela:                   yliskamari
yliskamareihin                          :P:Ill:                   yliskamari
yliskamareilla                          :P:Ade:                   yliskamari
yliskamareilta                          :P:Abl:                   yliskamari
yliskamareille                          :P:All:                   yliskamari
yliskamareina                           :P:Ess:                   yliskamari
yliskamareiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yliskamari
yliskamarein                            :P:Ins:                   yliskamari
yliskamareitta                          :P:Abe:                   yliskamari
yliskamareine                           :P:Kom:                   yliskamari
ylispua                                 :S:Nom:                   ylispuu
ylispuan                                :S:Gen:                   ylispuu
ylispuata                               :S:Par:                   ylispuu
ylispuassa                              :S:Ine:                   ylispuu
ylispuasta                              :S:Ela:                   ylispuu
ylispuuhun                              :S:Ill:                   ylispuu
ylispualla                              :S:Ade:                   ylispuu
ylispualta                              :S:Abl:                   ylispuu
ylispualle                              :S:All:                   ylispuu
ylispuana                               :S:Ess:                   ylispuu
ylispuaksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylispuu
ylispuatta                              :S:Abe:                   ylispuu
ylispuat                                :P:Nom:                   ylispuu
ylispuiden                              :P:Gen:                   ylispuu
ylispuitten                             :P:Gen:                   ylispuu
ylispuita                               :P:Par:                   ylispuu
ylispuissa                              :P:Ine:                   ylispuu
ylispuista                              :P:Ela:                   ylispuu
ylispuihin                              :P:Ill:                   ylispuu
ylispuilla                              :P:Ade:                   ylispuu
ylispuilta                              :P:Abl:                   ylispuu
ylispuille                              :P:All:                   ylispuu
ylispuina                               :P:Ess:                   ylispuu
ylispuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ylispuu
ylispuin                                :P:Ins:                   ylispuu
ylispuitta                              :P:Abe:                   ylispuu
ylispuine                               :P:Kom:                   ylispuu
ylistelen                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylistellä
ylistelet                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylistelee                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelemme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistelette                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistelevät                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylistellään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistelin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylistellä
ylistelit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylisteli                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistelitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistelivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylisteltiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistellen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylistellä
ylistellet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylistellee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistellemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistellette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistellevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylisteltäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelle                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylisteltäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistelisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylistellä
ylistelisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylistelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistelisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistelisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylisteltäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylisteltäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylistelköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistelkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistelkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylisteltäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylisteltäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistellä                               :Inf1:                    ylistellä
ylistelläkseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ylistellä
ylistellessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylistellä
ylisteltäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylistellä
ylistellen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylistellä
ylistelemässä                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylistellä
ylistelemästä                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylistellä
ylistelemään                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylistellä
ylistelemällä                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylistellä
ylistelemättä                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylistellä
ylistelemän                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylistellä
ylisteltämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylistellä
ylisteleminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                ylistellä
ylistelemistä                           :Inf4:Par:                ylistellä
ylistelemäisillään                      :Inf5:                    ylistellä
ylistelevä                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylistellä
ylisteltävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistelemä                              :Cip:Age:                 ylistellä
ylistelemätön                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylistellä
ylistellyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelleet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistellä
ylistelty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylistellä
ylistys                                 :S:Nom:                   ylistys
ylistyksen                              :S:Gen:                   ylistys
ylistystä                               :S:Par:                   ylistys
ylistyksessä                            :S:Ine:                   ylistys
ylistyksestä                            :S:Ela:                   ylistys
ylistykseen                             :S:Ill:                   ylistys
ylistyksellä                            :S:Ade:                   ylistys
ylistykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylistys
ylistykselle                            :S:All:                   ylistys
ylistyksenä                             :S:Ess:                   ylistys
ylistykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylistys
ylistyksettä                            :S:Abe:                   ylistys
ylistykset                              :P:Nom:                   ylistys
ylistysten                              :P:Gen:                   ylistys
ylistyksien                             :P:Gen:                   ylistys
ylistyksiä                              :P:Par:                   ylistys
ylistyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylistys
ylistyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylistys
ylistyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylistys
ylistyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylistys
ylistyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylistys
ylistyksille                            :P:All:                   ylistys
ylistyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylistys
ylistyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylistys
ylistyksin                              :P:Ins:                   ylistys
ylistyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylistys
ylistyksine                             :P:Kom:                   ylistys
ylistyslaulu                            :S:Nom:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaulun                           :S:Gen:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaulua                           :S:Par:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaulussa                         :S:Ine:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaulusta                         :S:Ela:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluun                          :S:Ill:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaululla                         :S:Ade:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaululta                         :S:Abl:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaululle                         :S:All:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluna                          :S:Ess:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaulutta                         :S:Abe:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaulut                           :P:Nom:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslaulujen                         :P:Gen:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluja                          :P:Par:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluista                        :P:Ela:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluihin                        :P:Ill:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluille                        :P:All:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluina                         :P:Ess:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluin                          :P:Ins:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyslauluine                         :P:Kom:                   ylistyslaulu
ylistyspuhe                             :S:Nom:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheen                           :S:Gen:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuhetta                          :S:Par:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheessa                         :S:Ine:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheesta                         :S:Ela:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheeseen                        :S:Ill:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheella                         :S:Ade:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheelta                         :S:Abl:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheelle                         :S:All:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheena                          :S:Ess:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheeksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheetta                         :S:Abe:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheet                           :P:Nom:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheiden                         :P:Gen:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheitten                        :P:Gen:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheita                          :P:Par:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheista                         :P:Ela:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheille                         :P:All:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheina                          :P:Ess:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuhein                           :P:Ins:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistyspuheine                          :P:Kom:                   ylistyspuhe
ylistysvirsi                            :S:Nom:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirnen                           :S:Gen:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirttä                           :S:Par:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirnessä                         :S:Ine:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirnestä                         :S:Ela:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirteen                          :S:Ill:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirnellä                         :S:Ade:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirneltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirnelle                         :S:All:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirtenä                          :S:Ess:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirneksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirnettä                         :S:Abe:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirnet                           :P:Nom:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsien                          :P:Gen:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirtten                          :P:Gen:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsiä                           :P:Par:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsille                         :P:All:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsin                           :P:Ins:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistysvirsine                          :P:Kom:                   ylistysvirsi
ylistän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylistää
ylistät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylistää                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistävät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylistää
ylistä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylistin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylistää
ylistit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylisti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylistänen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylistää
ylistänet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylistänee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistänemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistänette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistänevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylistää
ylistäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylistäisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylistää
ylistäisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylistäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistäisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistäisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistäisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylistää
ylistäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylistä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylistäköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistäkäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistäkää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistäkööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylistää
ylistä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylistää
ylistää                                 :Inf1:                    ylistää
ylistääkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ylistää
ylistäessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylistää
ylistettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylistää
ylistäen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylistää
ylistämässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylistää
ylistämästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylistää
ylistämään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylistää
ylistämällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylistää
ylistämättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylistää
ylistämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylistää
ylistettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylistää
ylistäminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ylistää
ylistämistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ylistää
ylistämäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ylistää
ylistävä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylistää
ylistettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylistää
ylistetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylistää
ylistämä                                :Cip:Age:                 ylistää
ylistämätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylistää
ylistetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylistää
ylistänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylistää
ylistetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylistää
ylisuuri                                :S:Nom:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuren                               :S:Gen:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurta                               :S:Par:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuressa                             :S:Ine:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuresta                             :S:Ela:                   ylisuuri
ylisuureen                              :S:Ill:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurella                             :S:Ade:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurelta                             :S:Abl:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurelle                             :S:All:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurena                              :S:Ess:                   ylisuuri
ylisuureksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuretta                             :S:Abe:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuret                               :P:Nom:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurten                              :P:Gen:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurien                              :P:Gen:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuria                               :P:Par:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurista                             :P:Ela:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuriin                              :P:Ill:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurille                             :P:All:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurina                              :P:Ess:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuriksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurin                               :P:Ins:                   ylisuuri
ylisuuritta                             :P:Abe:                   ylisuuri
ylisuurine                              :P:Kom:                   ylisuuri
ylitalvinen                             :S:Nom:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisen                             :S:Gen:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvista                             :S:Par:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalviseen                            :S:Ill:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisella                           :S:Ade:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalviselta                           :S:Abl:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalviselle                           :S:All:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisena                            :S:Ess:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalviseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisetta                           :S:Abe:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalviset                             :P:Nom:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisten                            :P:Gen:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisin                             :P:Gen:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisia                             :P:Par:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisista                           :P:Ela:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisille                           :P:All:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisina                            :P:Ess:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisin                             :P:Ins:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylitalvinen
ylitalvisine                            :P:Kom:                   ylitalvinen
ylitarjonta                             :S:Nom:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnan                            :S:Gen:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontaa                            :S:Par:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnassa                          :S:Ine:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnasta                          :S:Ela:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontaan                           :S:Ill:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnalla                          :S:Ade:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnalta                          :S:Abl:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnalle                          :S:All:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontana                           :S:Ess:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnatta                          :S:Abe:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnat                            :P:Nom:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontojen                          :P:Gen:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontain                           :P:Gen:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontoja                           :P:Par:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnoista                         :P:Ela:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnoille                         :P:All:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontoina                          :P:Ess:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnoin                           :P:Ins:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjonnoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarjontoine                          :P:Kom:                   ylitarjonta
ylitarkastaja                           :S:Nom:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajan                          :S:Gen:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajaa                          :S:Par:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajassa                        :S:Ine:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajasta                        :S:Ela:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajaan                         :S:Ill:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajalla                        :S:Ade:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajalta                        :S:Abl:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajalle                        :S:All:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajana                         :S:Ess:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajatta                        :S:Abe:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajat                          :P:Nom:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajien                         :P:Gen:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajain                         :P:Gen:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajia                          :P:Par:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajista                        :P:Ela:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajille                        :P:All:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajina                         :P:Ess:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajin                          :P:Ins:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylitarkastaja
ylitarkastajine                         :P:Kom:                   ylitarkastaja
ylite                                   :S:Nom:                   ylite
ylitteen                                :S:Gen:                   ylite
ylitettä                                :S:Par:                   ylite
ylitteessä                              :S:Ine:                   ylite
ylitteestä                              :S:Ela:                   ylite
ylitteeseen                             :S:Ill:                   ylite
ylitteellä                              :S:Ade:                   ylite
ylitteeltä                              :S:Abl:                   ylite
ylitteelle                              :S:All:                   ylite
ylitteenä                               :S:Ess:                   ylite
ylitteeksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylite
ylitteettä                              :S:Abe:                   ylite
ylitteet                                :P:Nom:                   ylite
ylitteiden                              :P:Gen:                   ylite
yliteitten                              :P:Gen:                   ylite
ylitteitä                               :P:Par:                   ylite
ylitteissä                              :P:Ine:                   ylite
ylitteistä                              :P:Ela:                   ylite
ylitteisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylite
ylitteihin                              :P:Ill:                   ylite
ylitteillä                              :P:Ade:                   ylite
ylitteiltä                              :P:Abl:                   ylite
ylitteille                              :P:All:                   ylite
ylitteinä                               :P:Ess:                   ylite
ylitteiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ylite
ylittein                                :P:Ins:                   ylite
ylitteittä                              :P:Abe:                   ylite
ylitteine                               :P:Kom:                   ylite
ylitsevuotava                           :S:Nom:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavan                          :S:Gen:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavaa                          :S:Par:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavassa                        :S:Ine:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavasta                        :S:Ela:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavaan                         :S:Ill:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavalla                        :S:Ade:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavalta                        :S:Abl:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavalle                        :S:All:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavana                         :S:Ess:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavatta                        :S:Abe:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavat                          :P:Nom:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavien                         :P:Gen:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavain                         :P:Gen:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavia                          :P:Par:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavista                        :P:Ela:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotaviin                         :P:Ill:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotaville                        :P:All:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavina                         :P:Ess:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotaviksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavin                          :P:Ins:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylitsevuotava
ylitsevuotavine                         :P:Kom:                   ylitsevuotava
ylityn                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylittyä
ylityt                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittyy                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylitymme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylitytte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittyvät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylitytään                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylittyä
ylity                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylity                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylity                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylity                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylity                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylity                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylitytä                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylityin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylittyä
ylityit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittyi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylityimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylityitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittyivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylityttiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylittynen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylittyä
ylittynet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittynee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylittynemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylittynette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittynevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylityttäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylityttäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylittyisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylittyä
ylittyisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylittyisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylittyisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittyisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylityttäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylityttäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylity                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittyköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylittykäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylittykää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittykööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylityttäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylittyä
ylity                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittykö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylityttäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittyä                                 :Inf1:                    ylittyä
ylittyäkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ylittyä
ylittyessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylittyä
ylityttäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylittyä
ylittyen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylittyä
ylittymässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylittyä
ylittymästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylittyä
ylittymään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylittyä
ylittymällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylittyä
ylittymättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylittyä
ylittymän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylittyä
ylityttämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylittyä
ylittyminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ylittyä
ylittymistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ylittyä
ylittymäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ylittyä
ylittyvä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylittyä
ylityttävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittymä                                :Cip:Age:                 ylittyä
ylittymätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylittyä
ylittynyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylittyneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittyä
ylitytty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylittyä
ylittäjä                                :S:Nom:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjän                               :S:Gen:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjää                               :S:Par:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjässä                             :S:Ine:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjästä                             :S:Ela:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjään                              :S:Ill:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjällä                             :S:Ade:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjältä                             :S:Abl:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjälle                             :S:All:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjänä                              :S:Ess:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjäksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjättä                             :S:Abe:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjät                               :P:Nom:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjien                              :P:Gen:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjäin                              :P:Gen:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjiä                               :P:Par:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjille                             :P:All:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjin                               :P:Ins:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylittäjä
ylittäjine                              :P:Kom:                   ylittäjä
ylittämätön                             :S:Nom:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömän                          :S:Gen:                   ylittämätön
ylittämätöntä                           :S:Par:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömässä                        :S:Ine:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömästä                        :S:Ela:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömään                         :S:Ill:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömällä                        :S:Ade:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömältä                        :S:Abl:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömälle                        :S:All:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömänä                         :S:Ess:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömäksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömättä                        :S:Abe:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömät                          :P:Nom:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömien                         :P:Gen:                   ylittämätön
ylittämätönten                          :P:Gen:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömiä                          :P:Par:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömissä                        :P:Ine:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömistä                        :P:Ela:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömillä                        :P:Ade:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömille                        :P:All:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättöminä                         :P:Ess:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömin                          :P:Ins:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömittä                        :P:Abe:                   ylittämätön
ylittämättömine                         :P:Kom:                   ylittämätön
ylitän                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylittää
ylität                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylittää                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylitämme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylitätte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittävät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitetään                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylittää
ylitä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittää
ylitä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylitä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylitä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylitä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitetä                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylitin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylittää
ylitit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylitti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylitimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylititte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitetty                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylittänen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylittää
ylittänet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylittänee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylittänemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylittänette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittänevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitettäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylittää
ylittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitettäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylittäisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylittää
ylittäisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylittäisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylittäisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittäisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitettäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylittää
ylittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitettäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylitä                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylittäköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylittäkäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylittäkää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittäkööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitettäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylittää
ylitä                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitettäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylittää
ylittää                                 :Inf1:                    ylittää
ylittääkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ylittää
ylittäessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylittää
ylitettäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylittää
ylittäen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylittää
ylittämässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylittää
ylittämästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylittää
ylittämään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylittää
ylittämällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylittää
ylittämättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylittää
ylittämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylittää
ylitettämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylittää
ylittäminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ylittää
ylittämistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ylittää
ylittämäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ylittää
ylittävä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylittää
ylitettävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylittää
ylitetty                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylittää
ylittämä                                :Cip:Age:                 ylittää
ylittämätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitetty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitetty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitetty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitetty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitetty                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitetty                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitetty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitetty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylittää
ylitetty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylittää
ylittänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylittää
ylittäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylittää
ylitetty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylittää
ylitulvimissuoja                        :S:Nom:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojan                       :S:Gen:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojaa                       :S:Par:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojassa                     :S:Ine:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojasta                     :S:Ela:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojaan                      :S:Ill:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojalla                     :S:Ade:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojalta                     :S:Abl:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojalle                     :S:All:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojana                      :S:Ess:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojaksi                     :S:Tra:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojatta                     :S:Abe:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojat                       :P:Nom:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojien                      :P:Gen:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojain                      :P:Gen:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojia                       :P:Par:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojista                     :P:Ela:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojiin                      :P:Ill:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojille                     :P:All:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojina                      :P:Ess:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojin                       :P:Ins:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitulvimissuojine                      :P:Kom:                   ylitulvimissuoja
ylitunti                                :S:Nom:                   ylitunti
ylitunnin                               :S:Gen:                   ylitunti
ylituntia                               :S:Par:                   ylitunti
ylitunnissa                             :S:Ine:                   ylitunti
ylitunnista                             :S:Ela:                   ylitunti
ylituntiin                              :S:Ill:                   ylitunti
ylitunnilla                             :S:Ade:                   ylitunti
ylitunnilta                             :S:Abl:                   ylitunti
ylitunnille                             :S:All:                   ylitunti
ylituntina                              :S:Ess:                   ylitunti
ylitunniksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylitunti
ylitunnitta                             :S:Abe:                   ylitunti
ylitunnit                               :P:Nom:                   ylitunti
ylituntien                              :P:Gen:                   ylitunti
ylitunteja                              :P:Par:                   ylitunti
ylitunneissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylitunti
ylitunneista                            :P:Ela:                   ylitunti
ylitunteihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylitunti
ylitunneilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylitunti
ylitunneilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylitunti
ylitunneille                            :P:All:                   ylitunti
ylitunteina                             :P:Ess:                   ylitunti
ylitunneiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylitunti
ylitunnein                              :P:Ins:                   ylitunti
ylitunneitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylitunti
ylitunteine                             :P:Kom:                   ylitunti
ylituomari                              :S:Nom:                   ylituomari
ylituomarin                             :S:Gen:                   ylituomari
ylituomaria                             :S:Par:                   ylituomari
ylituomarissa                           :S:Ine:                   ylituomari
ylituomarista                           :S:Ela:                   ylituomari
ylituomariin                            :S:Ill:                   ylituomari
ylituomarilla                           :S:Ade:                   ylituomari
ylituomarilta                           :S:Abl:                   ylituomari
ylituomarille                           :S:All:                   ylituomari
ylituomarina                            :S:Ess:                   ylituomari
ylituomariksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylituomari
ylituomaritta                           :S:Abe:                   ylituomari
ylituomarit                             :P:Nom:                   ylituomari
ylituomarien                            :P:Gen:                   ylituomari
ylituomareiden                          :P:Gen:                   ylituomari
ylituomareitten                         :P:Gen:                   ylituomari
ylituomareja                            :P:Par:                   ylituomari
ylituomareita                           :P:Par:                   ylituomari
ylituomareissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylituomari
ylituomareista                          :P:Ela:                   ylituomari
ylituomareihin                          :P:Ill:                   ylituomari
ylituomareilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylituomari
ylituomareilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylituomari
ylituomareille                          :P:All:                   ylituomari
ylituomareina                           :P:Ess:                   ylituomari
ylituomareiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylituomari
ylituomarein                            :P:Ins:                   ylituomari
ylituomareitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylituomari
ylituomareine                           :P:Kom:                   ylituomari
ylituotanto                             :S:Nom:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannon                            :S:Gen:                   ylituotanto
ylituotantoa                            :S:Par:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannossa                          :S:Ine:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannosta                          :S:Ela:                   ylituotanto
ylituotantoon                           :S:Ill:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannolla                          :S:Ade:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannolta                          :S:Abl:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannolle                          :S:All:                   ylituotanto
ylituotantona                           :S:Ess:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannotta                          :S:Abe:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannot                            :P:Nom:                   ylituotanto
ylituotantojen                          :P:Gen:                   ylituotanto
ylituotantoja                           :P:Par:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoista                         :P:Ela:                   ylituotanto
ylituotantoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoille                         :P:All:                   ylituotanto
ylituotantoina                          :P:Ess:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoin                           :P:Ins:                   ylituotanto
ylituotannoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylituotanto
ylituotantoine                          :P:Kom:                   ylituotanto
ylitys                                  :S:Nom:                   ylitys
ylityksen                               :S:Gen:                   ylitys
ylitystä                                :S:Par:                   ylitys
ylityksessä                             :S:Ine:                   ylitys
ylityksestä                             :S:Ela:                   ylitys
ylitykseen                              :S:Ill:                   ylitys
ylityksellä                             :S:Ade:                   ylitys
ylitykseltä                             :S:Abl:                   ylitys
ylitykselle                             :S:All:                   ylitys
ylityksenä                              :S:Ess:                   ylitys
ylitykseksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylitys
ylityksettä                             :S:Abe:                   ylitys
ylitykset                               :P:Nom:                   ylitys
ylitysten                               :P:Gen:                   ylitys
ylityksien                              :P:Gen:                   ylitys
ylityksiä                               :P:Par:                   ylitys
ylityksissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylitys
ylityksistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylitys
ylityksiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylitys
ylityksillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylitys
ylityksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylitys
ylityksille                             :P:All:                   ylitys
ylityksinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylitys
ylityksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylitys
ylityksin                               :P:Ins:                   ylitys
ylityksittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylitys
ylityksine                              :P:Kom:                   ylitys
ylityshyökkäys                          :S:Nom:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksen                       :S:Gen:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäystä                        :S:Par:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksessä                     :S:Ine:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksestä                     :S:Ela:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäykseen                      :S:Ill:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksellä                     :S:Ade:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäykseltä                     :S:Abl:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäykselle                     :S:All:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksenä                      :S:Ess:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäykseksi                     :S:Tra:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksettä                     :S:Abe:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäykset                       :P:Nom:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäysten                       :P:Gen:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksien                      :P:Gen:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksiä                       :P:Par:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksille                     :P:All:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksin                       :P:Ins:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityshyökkäyksine                      :P:Kom:                   ylityshyökkäys
ylityö                                  :S:Nom:                   ylityö
ylityön                                 :S:Gen:                   ylityö
ylityötä                                :S:Par:                   ylityö
ylityössä                               :S:Ine:                   ylityö
ylityöstä                               :S:Ela:                   ylityö
ylityöhön                               :S:Ill:                   ylityö
ylityöllä                               :S:Ade:                   ylityö
ylityöltä                               :S:Abl:                   ylityö
ylityölle                               :S:All:                   ylityö
ylityönä                                :S:Ess:                   ylityö
ylityöksi                               :S:Tra:                   ylityö
ylityöttä                               :S:Abe:                   ylityö
ylityöt                                 :P:Nom:                   ylityö
ylitöiden                               :P:Gen:                   ylityö
ylitöitten                              :P:Gen:                   ylityö
ylitöitä                                :P:Par:                   ylityö
ylitöissä                               :P:Ine:                   ylityö
ylitöistä                               :P:Ela:                   ylityö
ylitöihin                               :P:Ill:                   ylityö
ylitöillä                               :P:Ade:                   ylityö
ylitöiltä                               :P:Abl:                   ylityö
ylitöille                               :P:All:                   ylityö
ylitöinä                                :P:Ess:                   ylityö
ylitöiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ylityö
ylitöin                                 :P:Ins:                   ylityö
ylitöittä                               :P:Abe:                   ylityö
ylitöine                                :P:Kom:                   ylityö
ylityökorvaus                           :S:Nom:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksen                        :S:Gen:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvausta                         :S:Par:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksessa                      :S:Ine:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksesta                      :S:Ela:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvaukseen                       :S:Ill:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksella                      :S:Ade:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvaukselta                      :S:Abl:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvaukselle                      :S:All:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksena                       :S:Ess:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvaukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksetta                      :S:Abe:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvaukset                        :P:Nom:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvausten                        :P:Gen:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksien                       :P:Gen:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksia                        :P:Par:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksista                      :P:Ela:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksille                      :P:All:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksina                       :P:Ess:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksin                        :P:Ins:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityökorvauksine                       :P:Kom:                   ylityökorvaus
ylityöllisyys                           :S:Nom:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyden                         :S:Gen:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyttä                         :S:Par:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyydessä                       :S:Ine:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyydestä                       :S:Ela:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyteen                        :S:Ill:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyydellä                       :S:Ade:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyydeltä                       :S:Abl:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyydelle                       :S:All:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyytenä                        :S:Ess:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyydeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyttä                         :S:Abe:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyydet                         :P:Nom:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksien                       :P:Gen:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksiä                        :P:Par:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksille                      :P:All:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksin                        :P:Ins:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöllisyyksine                       :P:Kom:                   ylityöllisyys
ylityöpalkka                            :S:Nom:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkan                            :S:Gen:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkaa                           :S:Par:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkassa                          :S:Ine:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkasta                          :S:Ela:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkaan                          :S:Ill:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkalla                          :S:Ade:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkalta                          :S:Abl:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkalle                          :S:All:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkana                          :S:Ess:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkatta                          :S:Abe:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkat                            :P:Nom:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkojen                         :P:Gen:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkain                          :P:Gen:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkoja                          :P:Par:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkoista                         :P:Ela:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkoille                         :P:All:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkoina                         :P:Ess:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkoin                           :P:Ins:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityöpalkkoine                         :P:Kom:                   ylityöpalkka
ylityötunti                             :S:Nom:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnin                            :S:Gen:                   ylityötunti
ylityötuntia                            :S:Par:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnissa                          :S:Ine:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnista                          :S:Ela:                   ylityötunti
ylityötuntiin                           :S:Ill:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnilla                          :S:Ade:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnilta                          :S:Abl:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnille                          :S:All:                   ylityötunti
ylityötuntina                           :S:Ess:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunniksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnitta                          :S:Abe:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnit                            :P:Nom:                   ylityötunti
ylityötuntien                           :P:Gen:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunteja                           :P:Par:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunneissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunneista                         :P:Ela:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunteihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunneilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunneilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunneille                         :P:All:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunteina                          :P:Ess:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunnein                           :P:Ins:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunneitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylityötunti
ylityötunteine                          :P:Kom:                   ylityötunti
ylivahtimestari                         :S:Nom:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarin                        :S:Gen:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestaria                        :S:Par:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarissa                      :S:Ine:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarista                      :S:Ela:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestariin                       :S:Ill:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarilla                      :S:Ade:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarilta                      :S:Abl:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarille                      :S:All:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarina                       :S:Ess:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestariksi                      :S:Tra:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestaritta                      :S:Abe:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarit                        :P:Nom:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarien                       :P:Gen:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareiden                     :P:Gen:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareitten                    :P:Gen:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareja                       :P:Par:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareita                      :P:Par:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareissa                     :P:Ine:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareista                     :P:Ela:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareihin                     :P:Ill:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareilla                     :P:Ade:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareilta                     :P:Abl:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareille                     :P:All:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareina                      :P:Ess:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestarein                       :P:Ins:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareitta                     :P:Abe:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivahtimestareine                      :P:Kom:                   ylivahtimestari
ylivaihde                               :S:Nom:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteen                             :S:Gen:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihdetta                            :S:Par:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteeseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteella                           :S:Ade:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteelta                           :S:Abl:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteelle                           :S:All:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteena                            :S:Ess:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteeksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteetta                           :S:Abe:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteet                             :P:Nom:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteiden                           :P:Gen:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihdeitten                          :P:Gen:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteita                            :P:Par:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteista                           :P:Ela:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteihin                           :P:Ill:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteille                           :P:All:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteina                            :P:Ess:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihtein                             :P:Ins:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylivaihde
ylivaihteine                            :P:Kom:                   ylivaihde
ylivakuutan                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaa                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutamme                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutatte                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttavat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutetaan                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuta                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuteta                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutti                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettiin                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanen                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanet                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanee                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanemme                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanette                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanevat                        :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettaneen                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttane                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettane                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisin                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisit                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisimme                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisitte                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisivat                       :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettaisiin                      :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaisi                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettaisi                        :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuta                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttakaamme                       :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttakaa                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttakoot                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettakoon                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuta                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttako                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettako                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaa                            :Inf1:                    ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaakseen                       :Inf1:L:                  ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettaessa                       :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaen                           :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttamassa                        :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttamasta                        :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttamaan                         :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttamalla                        :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttamatta                        :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaminen                        :Inf4:Nom:                ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttamista                        :Inf4:Par:                ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttamaisillaan                   :Inf5:                    ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttava                           :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettava                         :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttama                           :Cip:Age:                 ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttamaton                        :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttanut                          :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuuttaneet                         :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutettu                           :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivakuuttaa
ylivakuutus                             :S:Nom:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksen                          :S:Gen:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutusta                           :S:Par:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutukseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksella                        :S:Ade:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutukselta                        :S:Abl:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutukselle                        :S:All:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksena                         :S:Ess:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutukset                          :P:Nom:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutusten                          :P:Gen:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksien                         :P:Gen:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksia                          :P:Par:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksista                        :P:Ela:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksille                        :P:All:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksina                         :P:Ess:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksin                          :P:Ins:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylivakuutus
ylivakuutuksine                         :P:Kom:                   ylivakuutus
ylivalotan                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaa                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotamme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotatte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottavat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotetaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalota                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalota                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalota                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalota                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalota                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalota                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivaloteta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalotin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotti                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalottanen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottane                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalota                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottakaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottakaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottakoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalota                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottako                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottaa                             :Inf1:                    ylivalottaa
ylivalottaakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  ylivalottaa
ylivalottaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylivalottaa
ylivalotettaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylivalottaa
ylivalottaen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylivalottaa
ylivalottamassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylivalottaa
ylivalottamasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylivalottaa
ylivalottamaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylivalottaa
ylivalottamalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylivalottaa
ylivalottamatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylivalottaa
ylivalottaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylivalottaa
ylivalotettaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylivalottaa
ylivalottaminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                ylivalottaa
ylivalottamista                         :Inf4:Par:                ylivalottaa
ylivalottamaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    ylivalottaa
ylivalottava                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylivalottaa
ylivalotettava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottama                            :Cip:Age:                 ylivalottaa
ylivalottamaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylivalottaa
ylivalottanut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalottaneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottaa
ylivalotettu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottaa
ylivalotun                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivalottua
ylivalotut                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuu                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotumme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalotutte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuvat                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotutaan                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalotu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotu                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuta                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalotuin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottui                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuivat                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalottunen                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunet                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunee                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunemme                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunette                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunevat                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttaneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottune                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttane                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalottuisin                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuisit                          :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuisimme                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuisitte                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuisivat                        :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttaisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuisi                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttaisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalotu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottukoon                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalottukaamme                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottukaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottukoot                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttakoon                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalotu                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuko                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttako                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottua                             :Inf1:                    ylivalottua
ylivalottuakseen                        :Inf1:L:                  ylivalottua
ylivalottuessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylivalottua
ylivalotuttaessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylivalottua
ylivalottuen                            :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylivalottua
ylivalottumassa                         :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylivalottua
ylivalottumasta                         :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylivalottua
ylivalottumaan                          :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylivalottua
ylivalottumalla                         :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylivalottua
ylivalottumatta                         :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylivalottua
ylivalottuman                           :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylivalottua
ylivalotuttaman                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylivalottua
ylivalottuminen                         :Inf4:Nom:                ylivalottua
ylivalottumista                         :Inf4:Par:                ylivalottua
ylivalottumaisillaan                    :Inf5:                    ylivalottua
ylivalottuva                            :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylivalottua
ylivalotuttava                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottuma                            :Cip:Age:                 ylivalottua
ylivalottumaton                         :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylivalottua
ylivalottunut                           :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalottuneet                          :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivalottua
ylivalotuttu                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivalottua
ylivalotus                              :S:Nom:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksen                           :S:Gen:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotusta                            :S:Par:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksella                         :S:Ade:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotukselle                         :S:All:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksena                          :S:Ess:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotukset                           :P:Nom:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotusten                           :P:Gen:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksien                          :P:Gen:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksia                           :P:Par:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksista                         :P:Ela:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksille                         :P:All:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksina                          :P:Ess:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksin                           :P:Ins:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylivalotus
ylivalotuksine                          :P:Kom:                   ylivalotus
ylivalta                                :S:Nom:                   ylivalta
ylivallan                               :S:Gen:                   ylivalta
ylivaltaa                               :S:Par:                   ylivalta
ylivallassa                             :S:Ine:                   ylivalta
ylivallasta                             :S:Ela:                   ylivalta
ylivaltaan                              :S:Ill:                   ylivalta
ylivallalla                             :S:Ade:                   ylivalta
ylivallalta                             :S:Abl:                   ylivalta
ylivallalle                             :S:All:                   ylivalta
ylivaltana                              :S:Ess:                   ylivalta
ylivallaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylivalta
ylivallatta                             :S:Abe:                   ylivalta
ylivallat                               :P:Nom:                   ylivalta
ylivaltojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylivalta
ylivaltain                              :P:Gen:                   ylivalta
ylivaltoja                              :P:Par:                   ylivalta
ylivalloissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylivalta
ylivalloista                            :P:Ela:                   ylivalta
ylivaltoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylivalta
ylivalloilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylivalta
ylivalloilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylivalta
ylivalloille                            :P:All:                   ylivalta
ylivaltoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylivalta
ylivalloiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylivalta
ylivalloin                              :P:Ins:                   ylivalta
ylivalloitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylivalta
ylivaltoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylivalta
ylivaraan                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivarata
ylivaraat                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivaraamme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivaraatte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivaraavat                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarataan                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarata                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivarasin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylivarata
ylivarasit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivarasi                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivarasimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivarasitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivarasivat                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivarannen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivarata
ylivarannet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivarannee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivarannemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivarannette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivarannevat                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattaneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivaranne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattane                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivaraisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivarata
ylivaraisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivaraisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivaraisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivaraisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivaraisivat                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattaisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivaraisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaraisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattaisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivaratkoon                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivaratkaamme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivaratkaa                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivaratkoot                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattakoon                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivaraa                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaratko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaratko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaratko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaratko                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattako                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivarata                               :Inf1:                    ylivarata
ylivaratakseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ylivarata
ylivaratessa                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylivarata
ylivarattaessa                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylivarata
ylivaraten                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylivarata
ylivaraamassa                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylivarata
ylivaraamasta                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylivarata
ylivaraamaan                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylivarata
ylivaraamalla                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylivarata
ylivaraamatta                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylivarata
ylivaraaman                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylivarata
ylivarattaman                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylivarata
ylivaraaminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                ylivarata
ylivaraamista                           :Inf4:Par:                ylivarata
ylivaraamaisillaan                      :Inf5:                    ylivarata
ylivaraava                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylivarata
ylivarattava                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivaraama                              :Cip:Age:                 ylivarata
ylivaraamaton                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylivarata
ylivarannut                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivaranneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivarata
ylivarattu                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivarata
ylivelkaannun                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannut                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuu                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannumme                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannutte                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuvat                         :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannutaan                        :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannu                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuta                          :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuin                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuit                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantui                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuimme                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuitte                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuivat                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttiin                       :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttaneen                     :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantune                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttane                       :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttaisiin                    :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttaisi                      :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannu                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantukoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantukaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantukaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantukoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttakoon                     :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannu                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttako                       :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantua                           :Inf1:                    ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttaessa                     :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuen                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantumassa                       :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantumasta                       :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantumaan                        :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantumalla                       :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantumatta                       :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuman                         :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttaman                      :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuminen                       :Inf4:Nom:                ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantumista                       :Inf4:Par:                ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantumaisillaan                  :Inf5:                    ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuva                          :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttava                       :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuma                          :Cip:Age:                 ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantumaton                       :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Con:Per:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantunut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaantuneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylivelkaantua
ylivelkaannuttu                         :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylivelkaantua
ylivelkainen                            :S:Nom:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaista                            :S:Par:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaiselle                          :S:All:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisia                            :P:Par:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisille                          :P:All:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylivelkainen
ylivelkaisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylivelkainen
ylivertainen                            :S:Nom:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaista                            :S:Par:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaiselle                          :S:All:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisia                            :P:Par:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisille                          :P:All:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylivertainen
ylivertaisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylivertainen
yliveto                                 :S:Nom:                   yliveto
ylivedon                                :S:Gen:                   yliveto
ylivetoa                                :S:Par:                   yliveto
ylivedossa                              :S:Ine:                   yliveto
ylivedosta                              :S:Ela:                   yliveto
ylivetoon                               :S:Ill:                   yliveto
ylivedolla                              :S:Ade:                   yliveto
ylivedolta                              :S:Abl:                   yliveto
ylivedolle                              :S:All:                   yliveto
ylivetona                               :S:Ess:                   yliveto
ylivedoksi                              :S:Tra:                   yliveto
ylivedotta                              :S:Abe:                   yliveto
ylivedot                                :P:Nom:                   yliveto
ylivetojen                              :P:Gen:                   yliveto
ylivetoja                               :P:Par:                   yliveto
ylivedoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yliveto
ylivedoista                             :P:Ela:                   yliveto
ylivetoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yliveto
ylivedoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yliveto
ylivedoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yliveto
ylivedoille                             :P:All:                   yliveto
ylivetoina                              :P:Ess:                   yliveto
ylivedoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yliveto
ylivedoin                               :P:Ins:                   yliveto
ylivedoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yliveto
ylivetoine                              :P:Kom:                   yliveto
yliviivaan                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliviivata
yliviivaat                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivaamme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivaatte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivaavat                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivataan                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivata                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivasin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yliviivata
yliviivasit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivasi                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivasimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivasitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivasivat                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivannen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliviivata
yliviivannet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivannee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivannemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivannette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivannevat                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattaneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattane                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivaisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yliviivata
yliviivaisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivaisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivaisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivaisivat                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattaisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivaisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattaisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivatkoon                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivatkaamme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivatkaa                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivatkoot                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattakoon                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivaa                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivatko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivatko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivatko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivatko                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattako                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivata                              :Inf1:                    yliviivata
yliviivatakseen                         :Inf1:L:                  yliviivata
yliviivatessa                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yliviivata
yliviivattaessa                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yliviivata
yliviivaten                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yliviivata
yliviivaamassa                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yliviivata
yliviivaamasta                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yliviivata
yliviivaamaan                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yliviivata
yliviivaamalla                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yliviivata
yliviivaamatta                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yliviivata
yliviivaaman                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yliviivata
yliviivattaman                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yliviivata
yliviivaaminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                yliviivata
yliviivaamista                          :Inf4:Par:                yliviivata
yliviivaamaisillaan                     :Inf5:                    yliviivata
yliviivaava                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yliviivata
yliviivattava                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivaama                             :Cip:Age:                 yliviivata
yliviivaamaton                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Con:Per:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             yliviivata
yliviivannut                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivanneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yliviivata
yliviivattu                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yliviivata
yliviivaus                              :S:Nom:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksen                           :S:Gen:                   yliviivaus
yliviivausta                            :S:Par:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksessa                         :S:Ine:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksesta                         :S:Ela:                   yliviivaus
yliviivaukseen                          :S:Ill:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksella                         :S:Ade:                   yliviivaus
yliviivaukselta                         :S:Abl:                   yliviivaus
yliviivaukselle                         :S:All:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksena                          :S:Ess:                   yliviivaus
yliviivaukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksetta                         :S:Abe:                   yliviivaus
yliviivaukset                           :P:Nom:                   yliviivaus
yliviivausten                           :P:Gen:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksien                          :P:Gen:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksia                           :P:Par:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksissa                         :P:Ine:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksista                         :P:Ela:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksiin                          :P:Ill:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksilla                         :P:Ade:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksilta                         :P:Abl:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksille                         :P:All:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksina                          :P:Ess:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksin                           :P:Ins:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksitta                         :P:Abe:                   yliviivaus
yliviivauksine                          :P:Kom:                   yliviivaus
ylivirtaus                              :S:Nom:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksen                           :S:Gen:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtausta                            :S:Par:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksessa                         :S:Ine:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksesta                         :S:Ela:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtaukseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksella                         :S:Ade:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtaukselta                         :S:Abl:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtaukselle                         :S:All:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksena                          :S:Ess:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtaukseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksetta                         :S:Abe:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtaukset                           :P:Nom:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtausten                           :P:Gen:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksien                          :P:Gen:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksia                           :P:Par:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksissa                         :P:Ine:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksista                         :P:Ela:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksilla                         :P:Ade:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksilta                         :P:Abl:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksille                         :P:All:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksina                          :P:Ess:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksin                           :P:Ins:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksitta                         :P:Abe:                   ylivirtaus
ylivirtauksine                          :P:Kom:                   ylivirtaus
ylivoima                                :S:Nom:                   ylivoima
ylivoiman                               :S:Gen:                   ylivoima
ylivoimaa                               :S:Par:                   ylivoima
ylivoimassa                             :S:Ine:                   ylivoima
ylivoimasta                             :S:Ela:                   ylivoima
ylivoimaan                              :S:Ill:                   ylivoima
ylivoimalla                             :S:Ade:                   ylivoima
ylivoimalta                             :S:Abl:                   ylivoima
ylivoimalle                             :S:All:                   ylivoima
ylivoimana                              :S:Ess:                   ylivoima
ylivoimaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylivoima
ylivoimatta                             :S:Abe:                   ylivoima
ylivoimat                               :P:Nom:                   ylivoima
ylivoimien                              :P:Gen:                   ylivoima
ylivoimain                              :P:Gen:                   ylivoima
ylivoimia                               :P:Par:                   ylivoima
ylivoimissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylivoima
ylivoimista                             :P:Ela:                   ylivoima
ylivoimiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylivoima
ylivoimilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylivoima
ylivoimilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylivoima
ylivoimille                             :P:All:                   ylivoima
ylivoimina                              :P:Ess:                   ylivoima
ylivoimiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylivoima
ylivoimin                               :P:Ins:                   ylivoima
ylivoimitta                             :P:Abe:                   ylivoima
ylivoimine                              :P:Kom:                   ylivoima
ylivoimainen                            :S:Nom:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaista                            :S:Par:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaiselle                          :S:All:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisia                            :P:Par:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisille                          :P:All:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylivoimainen
ylivoimaisuus                           :S:Nom:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuden                         :S:Gen:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuutta                         :S:Par:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuudessa                       :S:Ine:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuudesta                       :S:Ela:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuteen                        :S:Ill:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuudella                       :S:Ade:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuudelta                       :S:Abl:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuudelle                       :S:All:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuutena                        :S:Ess:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuudeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuutta                         :S:Abe:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuudet                         :P:Nom:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksien                       :P:Gen:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksia                        :P:Par:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksissa                      :P:Ine:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksista                      :P:Ela:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksiin                       :P:Ill:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksilla                      :P:Ade:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksilta                      :P:Abl:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksille                      :P:All:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksina                       :P:Ess:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksin                        :P:Ins:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksitta                      :P:Abe:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimaisuuksine                       :P:Kom:                   ylivoimaisuus
ylivoimamaali                           :S:Nom:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalin                          :S:Gen:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalia                          :S:Par:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalissa                        :S:Ine:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalista                        :S:Ela:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaliin                         :S:Ill:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalilla                        :S:Ade:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalilta                        :S:Abl:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalille                        :S:All:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalina                         :S:Ess:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaliksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalitta                        :S:Abe:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalit                          :P:Nom:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalien                         :P:Gen:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleja                         :P:Par:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleista                       :P:Ela:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleihin                       :P:Ill:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleille                       :P:All:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleina                        :P:Ess:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaalein                         :P:Ins:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimamaaleine                        :P:Kom:                   ylivoimamaali
ylivoimapeli                            :S:Nom:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelin                           :S:Gen:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeliä                           :S:Par:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelissä                         :S:Ine:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelistä                         :S:Ela:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeliin                          :S:Ill:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelillä                         :S:Ade:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeliltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelille                         :S:All:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelinä                          :S:Ess:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeliksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelittä                         :S:Abe:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelit                           :P:Nom:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelien                          :P:Gen:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelejä                          :P:Par:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleissä                        :P:Ine:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleistä                        :P:Ela:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleihin                        :P:Ill:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleillä                        :P:Ade:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleille                        :P:All:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleinä                         :P:Ess:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapelein                          :P:Ins:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleittä                        :P:Abe:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivoimapeleine                         :P:Kom:                   ylivoimapeli
ylivuotinen                             :S:Nom:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisen                             :S:Gen:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotista                             :S:Par:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotiseen                            :S:Ill:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisella                           :S:Ade:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotiselta                           :S:Abl:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotiselle                           :S:All:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisena                            :S:Ess:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisetta                           :S:Abe:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotiset                             :P:Nom:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisten                            :P:Gen:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisin                             :P:Gen:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisia                             :P:Par:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisista                           :P:Ela:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisille                           :P:All:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisina                            :P:Ess:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisin                             :P:Ins:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuotisine                            :P:Kom:                   ylivuotinen
ylivuoto                                :S:Nom:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodon                               :S:Gen:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotoa                               :S:Par:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodossa                             :S:Ine:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodosta                             :S:Ela:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotoon                              :S:Ill:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodolla                             :S:Ade:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodolta                             :S:Abl:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodolle                             :S:All:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotona                              :S:Ess:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodotta                             :S:Abe:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodot                               :P:Nom:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotoja                              :P:Par:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoille                            :P:All:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylivuoto
ylivuodoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylivuoto
ylivuotoaukko                           :S:Nom:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukon                           :S:Gen:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukkoa                          :S:Par:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukossa                         :S:Ine:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukosta                         :S:Ela:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukkoon                         :S:Ill:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukolla                         :S:Ade:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukolta                         :S:Abl:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukolle                         :S:All:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukkona                         :S:Ess:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukotta                         :S:Abe:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukot                           :P:Nom:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukkojen                        :P:Gen:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukkoja                         :P:Par:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoista                        :P:Ela:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukkoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoille                        :P:All:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukkoina                        :P:Ess:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoin                          :P:Ins:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukoitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoaukkoine                        :P:Kom:                   ylivuotoaukko
ylivuotoputki                           :S:Nom:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputken                          :S:Gen:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkea                          :S:Par:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkessa                        :S:Ine:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkesta                        :S:Ela:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkeen                         :S:Ill:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkella                        :S:Ade:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkelta                        :S:Abl:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkelle                        :S:All:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkena                         :S:Ess:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputketta                        :S:Abe:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputket                          :P:Nom:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkien                         :P:Gen:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkia                          :P:Par:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkista                        :P:Ela:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkille                        :P:All:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkina                         :P:Ess:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkin                          :P:Ins:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivuotoputkine                         :P:Kom:                   ylivuotoputki
ylivääpeli                              :S:Nom:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelin                             :S:Gen:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeliä                             :S:Par:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelissä                           :S:Ine:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelistä                           :S:Ela:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeliin                            :S:Ill:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelillä                           :S:Ade:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeliltä                           :S:Abl:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelille                           :S:All:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelinä                            :S:Ess:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeliksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelittä                           :S:Abe:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelit                             :P:Nom:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelien                            :P:Gen:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleiden                          :P:Gen:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleitten                         :P:Gen:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelejä                            :P:Par:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleitä                           :P:Par:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleissä                          :P:Ine:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleistä                          :P:Ela:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleihin                          :P:Ill:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleillä                          :P:Ade:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleille                          :P:All:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleinä                           :P:Ess:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpelein                            :P:Ins:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleittä                          :P:Abe:                   ylivääpeli
ylivääpeleine                           :P:Kom:                   ylivääpeli
yliälykäs                               :S:Nom:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkään                             :S:Gen:                   yliälykäs
yliälykästä                             :S:Par:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäässä                           :S:Ine:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäästä                           :S:Ela:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkääseen                          :S:Ill:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäällä                           :S:Ade:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäältä                           :S:Abl:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäälle                           :S:All:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäänä                            :S:Ess:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkääksi                           :S:Tra:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäättä                           :S:Abe:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäät                             :P:Nom:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäiden                           :P:Gen:                   yliälykäs
yliälykäitten                           :P:Gen:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäitä                            :P:Par:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäissä                           :P:Ine:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäistä                           :P:Ela:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäillä                           :P:Ade:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäille                           :P:All:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäinä                            :P:Ess:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäin                             :P:Ins:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäittä                           :P:Abe:                   yliälykäs
yliälykkäine                            :P:Kom:                   yliälykäs
yliäänikone                             :S:Nom:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneen                           :S:Gen:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikonetta                          :S:Par:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneessa                         :S:Ine:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneesta                         :S:Ela:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneella                         :S:Ade:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneelta                         :S:Abl:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneelle                         :S:All:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneena                          :S:Ess:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneetta                         :S:Abe:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneet                           :P:Nom:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneiden                         :P:Gen:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneitten                        :P:Gen:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneita                          :P:Par:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneissa                         :P:Ine:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneista                         :P:Ela:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneihin                         :P:Ill:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneilla                         :P:Ade:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneilta                         :P:Abl:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneille                         :P:All:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneina                          :P:Ess:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikonein                           :P:Ins:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneitta                         :P:Abe:                   yliäänikone
yliäänikoneine                          :P:Kom:                   yliäänikone
yliö                                    :S:Nom:                   yliö
yliön                                   :S:Gen:                   yliö
yliötä                                  :S:Par:                   yliö
yliössä                                 :S:Ine:                   yliö
yliöstä                                 :S:Ela:                   yliö
yliöön                                  :S:Ill:                   yliö
yliöllä                                 :S:Ade:                   yliö
yliöltä                                 :S:Abl:                   yliö
yliölle                                 :S:All:                   yliö
yliönä                                  :S:Ess:                   yliö
yliöksi                                 :S:Tra:                   yliö
yliöttä                                 :S:Abe:                   yliö
yliöt                                   :P:Nom:                   yliö
yliöiden                                :P:Gen:                   yliö
yliöitten                               :P:Gen:                   yliö
yliöitä                                 :P:Par:                   yliö
yliöissä                                :P:Ine:                   yliö
yliöistä                                :P:Ela:                   yliö
yliöihin                                :P:Ill:                   yliö
yliöillä                                :P:Ade:                   yliö
yliöiltä                                :P:Abl:                   yliö
yliöille                                :P:All:                   yliö
yliöinä                                 :P:Ess:                   yliö
yliöiksi                                :P:Tra:                   yliö
yliöin                                  :P:Ins:                   yliö
yliöittä                                :P:Abe:                   yliö
yliöine                                 :P:Kom:                   yliö
ylkä                                    :S:Nom:                   ylkä
yljän                                   :S:Gen:                   ylkä
ylkää                                   :S:Par:                   ylkä
yljässä                                 :S:Ine:                   ylkä
yljästä                                 :S:Ela:                   ylkä
ylkään                                  :S:Ill:                   ylkä
yljällä                                 :S:Ade:                   ylkä
yljältä                                 :S:Abl:                   ylkä
yljälle                                 :S:All:                   ylkä
ylkänä                                  :S:Ess:                   ylkä
yljäksi                                 :S:Tra:                   ylkä
yljättä                                 :S:Abe:                   ylkä
yljät                                   :P:Nom:                   ylkä
ylkien                                  :P:Gen:                   ylkä
ylkäin                                  :P:Gen:                   ylkä
ylkiä                                   :P:Par:                   ylkä
yljissä                                 :P:Ine:                   ylkä
yljistä                                 :P:Ela:                   ylkä
ylkiin                                  :P:Ill:                   ylkä
yljillä                                 :P:Ade:                   ylkä
yljiltä                                 :P:Abl:                   ylkä
yljille                                 :P:All:                   ylkä
ylkinä                                  :P:Ess:                   ylkä
yljiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   ylkä
yljin                                   :P:Ins:                   ylkä
yljittä                                 :P:Abe:                   ylkä
ylkine                                  :P:Kom:                   ylkä
ylkämies                                :S:Nom:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehen                              :S:Gen:                   ylkämies
ylkämiestä                              :S:Par:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehessä                            :S:Ine:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehestä                            :S:Ela:                   ylkämies
ylkämieheen                             :S:Ill:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehellä                            :S:Ade:                   ylkämies
ylkämieheltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehelle                            :S:All:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehenä                             :S:Ess:                   ylkämies
ylkämieheksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehettä                            :S:Abe:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehet                              :P:Nom:                   ylkämies
ylkämiesten                             :P:Gen:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehien                             :P:Gen:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehiä                              :P:Par:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehille                            :P:All:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehin                              :P:Ins:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylkämies
ylkämiehine                             :P:Kom:                   ylkämies
yllyke                                  :S:Nom:                   yllyke
yllykkeen                               :S:Gen:                   yllyke
yllykettä                               :S:Par:                   yllyke
yllykkeessä                             :S:Ine:                   yllyke
yllykkeestä                             :S:Ela:                   yllyke
yllykkeeseen                            :S:Ill:                   yllyke
yllykkeellä                             :S:Ade:                   yllyke
yllykkeeltä                             :S:Abl:                   yllyke
yllykkeelle                             :S:All:                   yllyke
yllykkeenä                              :S:Ess:                   yllyke
yllykkeeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yllyke
yllykkeettä                             :S:Abe:                   yllyke
yllykkeet                               :P:Nom:                   yllyke
yllykkeiden                             :P:Gen:                   yllyke
yllykeitten                             :P:Gen:                   yllyke
yllykkeitä                              :P:Par:                   yllyke
yllykkeissä                             :P:Ine:                   yllyke
yllykkeistä                             :P:Ela:                   yllyke
yllykkeisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yllyke
yllykkeihin                             :P:Ill:                   yllyke
yllykkeillä                             :P:Ade:                   yllyke
yllykkeiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yllyke
yllykkeille                             :P:All:                   yllyke
yllykkeinä                              :P:Ess:                   yllyke
yllykkeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yllyke
yllykkein                               :P:Ins:                   yllyke
yllykkeittä                             :P:Abe:                   yllyke
yllykkeine                              :P:Kom:                   yllyke
yllytin                                 :S:Nom:                   yllytin
yllyttimen                              :S:Gen:                   yllytin
yllytintä                               :S:Par:                   yllytin
yllyttimessä                            :S:Ine:                   yllytin
yllyttimestä                            :S:Ela:                   yllytin
yllyttimeen                             :S:Ill:                   yllytin
yllyttimellä                            :S:Ade:                   yllytin
yllyttimeltä                            :S:Abl:                   yllytin
yllyttimelle                            :S:All:                   yllytin
yllyttimenä                             :S:Ess:                   yllytin
yllyttimeksi                            :S:Tra:                   yllytin
yllyttimettä                            :S:Abe:                   yllytin
yllyttimet                              :P:Nom:                   yllytin
yllyttimien                             :P:Gen:                   yllytin
yllytinten                              :P:Gen:                   yllytin
yllyttimiä                              :P:Par:                   yllytin
yllyttimissä                            :P:Ine:                   yllytin
yllyttimistä                            :P:Ela:                   yllytin
yllyttimiin                             :P:Ill:                   yllytin
yllyttimillä                            :P:Ade:                   yllytin
yllyttimiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yllytin
yllyttimille                            :P:All:                   yllytin
yllyttiminä                             :P:Ess:                   yllytin
yllyttimiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yllytin
yllyttimin                              :P:Ins:                   yllytin
yllyttimittä                            :P:Abe:                   yllytin
yllyttimine                             :P:Kom:                   yllytin
yllyttäjä                               :S:Nom:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjän                              :S:Gen:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjää                              :S:Par:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjässä                            :S:Ine:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjästä                            :S:Ela:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjään                             :S:Ill:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjällä                            :S:Ade:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjältä                            :S:Abl:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjälle                            :S:All:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjänä                             :S:Ess:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjäksi                            :S:Tra:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjättä                            :S:Abe:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjät                              :P:Nom:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjien                             :P:Gen:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjäin                             :P:Gen:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjiä                              :P:Par:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjissä                            :P:Ine:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjistä                            :P:Ela:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjiin                             :P:Ill:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjillä                            :P:Ade:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjille                            :P:All:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjinä                             :P:Ess:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjin                              :P:Ins:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjittä                            :P:Abe:                   yllyttäjä
yllyttäjine                             :P:Kom:                   yllyttäjä
yllytän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllyttää
yllytät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllyttää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllytämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllytätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yllyttää
yllytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllytin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yllyttää
yllytit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllytti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllytimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllytitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllyttänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllyttää
yllyttänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllyttänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllyttänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllyttänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllyttäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllyttää
yllyttäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllyttäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllyttäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllytä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllyttäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllyttäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllyttäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yllyttää
yllytä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttää                                :Inf1:                    yllyttää
yllyttääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yllyttää
yllyttäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yllyttää
yllytettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yllyttää
yllyttäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yllyttää
yllyttämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yllyttää
yllyttämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yllyttää
yllyttämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yllyttää
yllyttämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yllyttää
yllyttämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yllyttää
yllyttämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yllyttää
yllytettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yllyttää
yllyttäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yllyttää
yllyttämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yllyttää
yllyttämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yllyttää
yllyttävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yllyttää
yllytettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yllyttää
yllyttämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             yllyttää
yllyttänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllyttäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllyttää
yllytetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllyttää
yllytys                                 :S:Nom:                   yllytys
yllytyksen                              :S:Gen:                   yllytys
yllytystä                               :S:Par:                   yllytys
yllytyksessä                            :S:Ine:                   yllytys
yllytyksestä                            :S:Ela:                   yllytys
yllytykseen                             :S:Ill:                   yllytys
yllytyksellä                            :S:Ade:                   yllytys
yllytykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yllytys
yllytykselle                            :S:All:                   yllytys
yllytyksenä                             :S:Ess:                   yllytys
yllytykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yllytys
yllytyksettä                            :S:Abe:                   yllytys
yllytykset                              :P:Nom:                   yllytys
yllytysten                              :P:Gen:                   yllytys
yllytyksien                             :P:Gen:                   yllytys
yllytyksiä                              :P:Par:                   yllytys
yllytyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   yllytys
yllytyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   yllytys
yllytyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   yllytys
yllytyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   yllytys
yllytyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yllytys
yllytyksille                            :P:All:                   yllytys
yllytyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   yllytys
yllytyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yllytys
yllytyksin                              :P:Ins:                   yllytys
yllytyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   yllytys
yllytyksine                             :P:Kom:                   yllytys
yllytyshullu                            :S:Nom:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullun                           :S:Gen:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullua                           :S:Par:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullussa                         :S:Ine:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullusta                         :S:Ela:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluun                          :S:Ill:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullulla                         :S:Ade:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullulta                         :S:Abl:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullulle                         :S:All:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluna                          :S:Ess:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluksi                         :S:Tra:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullutta                         :S:Abe:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullut                           :P:Nom:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshullujen                         :P:Gen:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluja                          :P:Par:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluissa                        :P:Ine:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluista                        :P:Ela:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluihin                        :P:Ill:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluilla                        :P:Ade:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluilta                        :P:Abl:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluille                        :P:All:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluina                         :P:Ess:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluin                          :P:Ins:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluitta                        :P:Abe:                   yllytyshullu
yllytyshulluine                         :P:Kom:                   yllytyshullu
ylläkkö                                 :S:Nom:                   ylläkkö
ylläkön                                 :S:Gen:                   ylläkkö
ylläkköä                                :S:Par:                   ylläkkö
ylläkössä                               :S:Ine:                   ylläkkö
ylläköstä                               :S:Ela:                   ylläkkö
ylläkköön                               :S:Ill:                   ylläkkö
ylläköllä                               :S:Ade:                   ylläkkö
ylläköltä                               :S:Abl:                   ylläkkö
ylläkölle                               :S:All:                   ylläkkö
ylläkkönä                               :S:Ess:                   ylläkkö
ylläköksi                               :S:Tra:                   ylläkkö
ylläköttä                               :S:Abe:                   ylläkkö
ylläköt                                 :P:Nom:                   ylläkkö
ylläkköjen                              :P:Gen:                   ylläkkö
ylläköiden                              :P:Gen:                   ylläkkö
ylläköitten                             :P:Gen:                   ylläkkö
ylläkköjä                               :P:Par:                   ylläkkö
ylläköitä                               :P:Par:                   ylläkkö
ylläköissä                              :P:Ine:                   ylläkkö
ylläköistä                              :P:Ela:                   ylläkkö
ylläkköihin                             :P:Ill:                   ylläkkö
ylläköihin                              :P:Ill:                   ylläkkö
ylläköillä                              :P:Ade:                   ylläkkö
ylläköiltä                              :P:Abl:                   ylläkkö
ylläköille                              :P:All:                   ylläkkö
ylläkköinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylläkkö
ylläköiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ylläkkö
ylläköin                                :P:Ins:                   ylläkkö
ylläköittä                              :P:Abe:                   ylläkkö
ylläköine                               :P:Kom:                   ylläkkö
ylläkköhyökkäys                         :S:Nom:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksen                      :S:Gen:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäystä                       :S:Par:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksessä                    :S:Ine:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksestä                    :S:Ela:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäykseen                     :S:Ill:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksellä                    :S:Ade:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäykseltä                    :S:Abl:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäykselle                    :S:All:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksenä                     :S:Ess:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäykseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksettä                    :S:Abe:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäykset                      :P:Nom:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäysten                      :P:Gen:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksien                     :P:Gen:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksiä                      :P:Par:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksissä                    :P:Ine:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksistä                    :P:Ela:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksillä                    :P:Ade:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksille                    :P:All:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksinä                     :P:Ess:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksin                      :P:Ins:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksittä                    :P:Abe:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläkköhyökkäyksine                     :P:Kom:                   ylläkköhyökkäys
ylläpito                                :S:Nom:                   ylläpito
ylläpidon                               :S:Gen:                   ylläpito
ylläpitoa                               :S:Par:                   ylläpito
ylläpidossa                             :S:Ine:                   ylläpito
ylläpidosta                             :S:Ela:                   ylläpito
ylläpitoon                              :S:Ill:                   ylläpito
ylläpidolla                             :S:Ade:                   ylläpito
ylläpidolta                             :S:Abl:                   ylläpito
ylläpidolle                             :S:All:                   ylläpito
ylläpitona                              :S:Ess:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylläpito
ylläpidotta                             :S:Abe:                   ylläpito
ylläpidot                               :P:Nom:                   ylläpito
ylläpitojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylläpito
ylläpitoja                              :P:Par:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylläpito
ylläpitoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoille                            :P:All:                   ylläpito
ylläpitoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylläpito
ylläpidoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylläpito
ylläpitoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylläpito
ylläpitokustannus                       :S:Nom:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksen                    :S:Gen:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannusta                     :S:Par:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksessa                  :S:Ine:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksesta                  :S:Ela:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannukseen                   :S:Ill:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksella                  :S:Ade:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannukselta                  :S:Abl:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannukselle                  :S:All:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksena                   :S:Ess:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksetta                  :S:Abe:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannukset                    :P:Nom:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannusten                    :P:Gen:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksien                   :P:Gen:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksia                    :P:Par:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksista                  :P:Ela:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksille                  :P:All:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksina                   :P:Ess:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksin                    :P:Ins:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitokustannuksine                   :P:Kom:                   ylläpitokustannukset
ylläpitäjä                              :S:Nom:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjän                             :S:Gen:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjää                             :S:Par:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjässä                           :S:Ine:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjästä                           :S:Ela:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjään                            :S:Ill:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjällä                           :S:Ade:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjältä                           :S:Abl:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjälle                           :S:All:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjänä                            :S:Ess:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjäksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjättä                           :S:Abe:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjät                             :P:Nom:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjien                            :P:Gen:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjäin                            :P:Gen:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjiä                             :P:Par:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjissä                           :P:Ine:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjistä                           :P:Ela:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjillä                           :P:Ade:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjille                           :P:All:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjinä                            :P:Ess:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjin                             :P:Ins:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjittä                           :P:Abe:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpitäjine                            :P:Kom:                   ylläpitäjä
ylläpidän                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylläpitää
ylläpidät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitää                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidämme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpidätte                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitävät                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidetään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpidä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidä                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidetä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
ylläpidin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylläpitää
ylläpidit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpiti                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpiditte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidettiin                           :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
ylläpitänen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänevät                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidettäneen                         :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäne                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidettäne                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
ylläpitäisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäisivät                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidettäisiin                        :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidettäisi                          :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
ylläpidä                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäkäämme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäkää                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäkööt                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidettäköön                         :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpidä                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidettäkö                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitää                               :Inf1:                    ylläpitää
ylläpitääkseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ylläpitää
ylläpitäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylläpitää
ylläpidettäessä                         :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylläpitää
ylläpitäen                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylläpitää
ylläpitämässä                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylläpitää
ylläpitämästä                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylläpitää
ylläpitämään                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylläpitää
ylläpitämällä                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylläpitää
ylläpitämättä                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylläpitää
ylläpitämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylläpitää
ylläpidettämän                          :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylläpitää
ylläpitäminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                ylläpitää
ylläpitämistä                           :Inf4:Par:                ylläpitää
ylläpitämäisillään                      :Inf5:                    ylläpitää
ylläpitävä                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylläpitää
ylläpidettävä                           :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitämä                              :Cip:Age:                 ylläpitää
ylläpitämätön                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Con:Per:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylläpitää
ylläpitänyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpitäneet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylläpitää
ylläpidetty                             :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylläpitää
yllätyn                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllättyä
yllätyt                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättyy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllätymme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllätytte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättyvät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätytään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yllättyä
ylläty                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättyä
ylläty                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
ylläty                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
ylläty                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
ylläty                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
ylläty                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätytä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
yllätyin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yllättyä
yllätyit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättyi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllätyimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllätyitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättyivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätyttiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
yllättynen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllättyä
yllättynet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättynee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllättynemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllättynette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättynevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätyttäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätyttäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
yllättyisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllättyä
yllättyisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllättyisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllättyisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättyisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätyttäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätyttäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
ylläty                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättyköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllättykäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllättykää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättykööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätyttäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yllättyä
ylläty                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätyttäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättyä                                :Inf1:                    yllättyä
yllättyäkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yllättyä
yllättyessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yllättyä
yllätyttäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yllättyä
yllättyen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yllättyä
yllättymässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yllättyä
yllättymästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yllättyä
yllättymään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yllättyä
yllättymällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yllättyä
yllättymättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yllättyä
yllättymän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yllättyä
yllätyttämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yllättyä
yllättyminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yllättyä
yllättymistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yllättyä
yllättymäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yllättyä
yllättyvä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yllättyä
yllätyttävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättymä                               :Cip:Age:                 yllättyä
yllättymätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             yllättyä
yllättynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllättyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättyä
yllätytty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllättyä
yllättäjä                               :S:Nom:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjän                              :S:Gen:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjää                              :S:Par:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjässä                            :S:Ine:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjästä                            :S:Ela:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjään                             :S:Ill:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjällä                            :S:Ade:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjältä                            :S:Abl:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjälle                            :S:All:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjänä                             :S:Ess:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjäksi                            :S:Tra:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjättä                            :S:Abe:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjät                              :P:Nom:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjien                             :P:Gen:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjäin                             :P:Gen:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjiä                              :P:Par:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjissä                            :P:Ine:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjistä                            :P:Ela:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjiin                             :P:Ill:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjillä                            :P:Ade:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjille                            :P:All:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjinä                             :P:Ess:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjin                              :P:Ins:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjittä                            :P:Abe:                   yllättäjä
yllättäjine                             :P:Kom:                   yllättäjä
yllättävyys                             :S:Nom:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyden                           :S:Gen:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyttä                           :S:Par:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyydessä                         :S:Ine:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyydestä                         :S:Ela:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyteen                          :S:Ill:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyydellä                         :S:Ade:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyydeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyydelle                         :S:All:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyytenä                          :S:Ess:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyydeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyttä                           :S:Abe:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyydet                           :P:Nom:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksien                         :P:Gen:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksiä                          :P:Par:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksille                        :P:All:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksin                          :P:Ins:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yllättävyys
yllättävyyksine                         :P:Kom:                   yllättävyys
yllättävä                               :S:Nom:                   yllättävä
yllättävän                              :S:Gen:                   yllättävä
yllättävää                              :S:Par:                   yllättävä
yllättävässä                            :S:Ine:                   yllättävä
yllättävästä                            :S:Ela:                   yllättävä
yllättävään                             :S:Ill:                   yllättävä
yllättävällä                            :S:Ade:                   yllättävä
yllättävältä                            :S:Abl:                   yllättävä
yllättävälle                            :S:All:                   yllättävä
yllättävänä                             :S:Ess:                   yllättävä
yllättäväksi                            :S:Tra:                   yllättävä
yllättävättä                            :S:Abe:                   yllättävä
yllättävät                              :P:Nom:                   yllättävä
yllättävien                             :P:Gen:                   yllättävä
yllättäväin                             :P:Gen:                   yllättävä
yllättäviä                              :P:Par:                   yllättävä
yllättävissä                            :P:Ine:                   yllättävä
yllättävistä                            :P:Ela:                   yllättävä
yllättäviin                             :P:Ill:                   yllättävä
yllättävillä                            :P:Ade:                   yllättävä
yllättäviltä                            :P:Abl:                   yllättävä
yllättäville                            :P:All:                   yllättävä
yllättävinä                             :P:Ess:                   yllättävä
yllättäviksi                            :P:Tra:                   yllättävä
yllättävin                              :P:Ins:                   yllättävä
yllättävittä                            :P:Abe:                   yllättävä
yllättävine                             :P:Kom:                   yllättävä
yllätän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllättää
yllätät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllättää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllätämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllätätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yllättää
yllätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättää
yllätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllätin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yllättää
yllätit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllätti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllätimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllätitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllättänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllättää
yllättänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllättänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllättänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllättänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yllättää
yllättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllättäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yllättää
yllättäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllättäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllättäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             yllättää
yllättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllätä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllättäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllättäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllättäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yllättää
yllätä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yllättää
yllättää                                :Inf1:                    yllättää
yllättääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yllättää
yllättäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yllättää
yllätettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yllättää
yllättäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yllättää
yllättämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yllättää
yllättämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yllättää
yllättämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yllättää
yllättämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yllättää
yllättämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yllättää
yllättämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yllättää
yllätettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yllättää
yllättäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yllättää
yllättämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yllättää
yllättämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yllättää
yllättävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yllättää
yllätettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yllättää
yllätetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             yllättää
yllättämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yllättää
yllättämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yllättää
yllätetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             yllättää
yllättänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yllättää
yllättäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yllättää
yllätetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yllättää
yllätyksekäs                            :S:Nom:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkään                          :S:Gen:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekästä                          :S:Par:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäässä                        :S:Ine:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäästä                        :S:Ela:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkääseen                       :S:Ill:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäällä                        :S:Ade:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäältä                        :S:Abl:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäälle                        :S:All:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäänä                         :S:Ess:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkääksi                        :S:Tra:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäättä                        :S:Abe:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäät                          :P:Nom:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäiden                        :P:Gen:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekäitten                        :P:Gen:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäitä                         :P:Par:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäissä                        :P:Ine:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäistä                        :P:Ela:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäillä                        :P:Ade:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäille                        :P:All:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäinä                         :P:Ess:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäin                          :P:Ins:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäittä                        :P:Abe:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksekkäine                         :P:Kom:                   yllätyksekäs
yllätyksellinen                         :S:Nom:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisen                         :S:Gen:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellistä                         :S:Par:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisessä                       :S:Ine:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisestä                       :S:Ela:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätykselliseen                        :S:Ill:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisellä                       :S:Ade:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätykselliseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätykselliselle                       :S:All:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisenä                        :S:Ess:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätykselliseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisettä                       :S:Abe:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätykselliset                         :P:Nom:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisten                        :P:Gen:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisin                         :P:Gen:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisiä                         :P:Par:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisissä                       :P:Ine:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisistä                       :P:Ela:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisillä                       :P:Ade:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisille                       :P:All:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisinä                        :P:Ess:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisin                         :P:Ins:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisittä                       :P:Abe:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisine                        :P:Kom:                   yllätyksellinen
yllätyksellisyys                        :S:Nom:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyden                      :S:Gen:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyttä                      :S:Par:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyydessä                    :S:Ine:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyydestä                    :S:Ela:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyteen                     :S:Ill:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyydellä                    :S:Ade:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyydeltä                    :S:Abl:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyydelle                    :S:All:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyytenä                     :S:Ess:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyydeksi                    :S:Tra:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyttä                      :S:Abe:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyydet                      :P:Nom:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksien                    :P:Gen:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksiä                     :P:Par:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksissä                   :P:Ine:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksistä                   :P:Ela:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksillä                   :P:Ade:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksiltä                   :P:Abl:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksille                   :P:All:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksinä                    :P:Ess:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksin                     :P:Ins:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksittä                   :P:Abe:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksellisyyksine                    :P:Kom:                   yllätyksellisyys
yllätyksetön                            :S:Nom:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömän                         :S:Gen:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksetöntä                          :S:Par:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömässä                       :S:Ine:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömästä                       :S:Ela:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömään                        :S:Ill:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömällä                       :S:Ade:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömältä                       :S:Abl:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömälle                       :S:All:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömänä                        :S:Ess:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömäksi                       :S:Tra:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömättä                       :S:Abe:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömät                         :P:Nom:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömien                        :P:Gen:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksetönten                         :P:Gen:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömiä                         :P:Par:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömissä                       :P:Ine:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömistä                       :P:Ela:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömiin                        :P:Ill:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömillä                       :P:Ade:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömille                       :P:All:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettöminä                        :P:Ess:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömin                         :P:Ins:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömittä                       :P:Abe:                   yllätyksetön
yllätyksettömine                        :P:Kom:                   yllätyksetön
yllätys                                 :S:Nom:                   yllätys
yllätyksen                              :S:Gen:                   yllätys
yllätystä                               :S:Par:                   yllätys
yllätyksessä                            :S:Ine:                   yllätys
yllätyksestä                            :S:Ela:                   yllätys
yllätykseen                             :S:Ill:                   yllätys
yllätyksellä                            :S:Ade:                   yllätys
yllätykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yllätys
yllätykselle                            :S:All:                   yllätys
yllätyksenä                             :S:Ess:                   yllätys
yllätykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yllätys
yllätyksettä                            :S:Abe:                   yllätys
yllätykset                              :P:Nom:                   yllätys
yllätysten                              :P:Gen:                   yllätys
yllätyksien                             :P:Gen:                   yllätys
yllätyksiä                              :P:Par:                   yllätys
yllätyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   yllätys
yllätyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   yllätys
yllätyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   yllätys
yllätyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   yllätys
yllätyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yllätys
yllätyksille                            :P:All:                   yllätys
yllätyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   yllätys
yllätyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yllätys
yllätyksin                              :P:Ins:                   yllätys
yllätyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   yllätys
yllätyksine                             :P:Kom:                   yllätys
yllätyshyökkäys                         :S:Nom:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksen                      :S:Gen:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäystä                       :S:Par:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksessä                    :S:Ine:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksestä                    :S:Ela:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäykseen                     :S:Ill:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksellä                    :S:Ade:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäykseltä                    :S:Abl:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäykselle                    :S:All:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksenä                     :S:Ess:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäykseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksettä                    :S:Abe:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäykset                      :P:Nom:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäysten                      :P:Gen:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksien                     :P:Gen:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksiä                      :P:Par:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksissä                    :P:Ine:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksistä                    :P:Ela:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksillä                    :P:Ade:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksille                    :P:All:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksinä                     :P:Ess:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksin                      :P:Ins:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksittä                    :P:Abe:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyshyökkäyksine                     :P:Kom:                   yllätyshyökkäys
yllätyslahja                            :S:Nom:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjan                           :S:Gen:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjaa                           :S:Par:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjassa                         :S:Ine:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjasta                         :S:Ela:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjaan                          :S:Ill:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjalla                         :S:Ade:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjalta                         :S:Abl:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjalle                         :S:All:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjana                          :S:Ess:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjatta                         :S:Abe:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjat                           :P:Nom:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjojen                         :P:Gen:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjain                          :P:Gen:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoja                          :P:Par:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoista                        :P:Ela:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoille                        :P:All:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoina                         :P:Ess:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoin                          :P:Ins:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yllätyslahja
yllätyslahjoine                         :P:Kom:                   yllätyslahja
yllätysmomentti                         :S:Nom:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentin                         :S:Gen:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenttia                        :S:Par:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentissa                       :S:Ine:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentista                       :S:Ela:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenttiin                       :S:Ill:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentilla                       :S:Ade:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentilta                       :S:Abl:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentille                       :S:All:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenttina                       :S:Ess:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentiksi                       :S:Tra:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentitta                       :S:Abe:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentit                         :P:Nom:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenttien                       :P:Gen:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentteja                       :P:Par:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenteissa                      :P:Ine:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenteista                      :P:Ela:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentteihin                     :P:Ill:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenteilla                      :P:Ade:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenteilta                      :P:Abl:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenteille                      :P:All:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentteina                      :P:Ess:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenteiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentein                        :P:Ins:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomenteitta                      :P:Abe:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätysmomentteine                      :P:Kom:                   yllätysmomentti
yllätystarkastus                        :S:Nom:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksen                     :S:Gen:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastusta                      :S:Par:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksessa                   :S:Ine:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksesta                   :S:Ela:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastukseen                    :S:Ill:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksella                   :S:Ade:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastukselta                   :S:Abl:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastukselle                   :S:All:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksena                    :S:Ess:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastukseksi                   :S:Tra:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksetta                   :S:Abe:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastukset                     :P:Nom:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastusten                     :P:Gen:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksien                    :P:Gen:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksia                     :P:Par:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksissa                   :P:Ine:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksista                   :P:Ela:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksiin                    :P:Ill:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksilla                   :P:Ade:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksilta                   :P:Abl:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksille                   :P:All:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksina                    :P:Ess:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksin                     :P:Ins:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksitta                   :P:Abe:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystarkastuksine                    :P:Kom:                   yllätystarkastus
yllätystulos                            :S:Nom:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksen                         :S:Gen:                   yllätystulos
yllätystulosta                          :S:Par:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yllätystulos
yllätystulokseen                        :S:Ill:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksella                       :S:Ade:                   yllätystulos
yllätystulokselta                       :S:Abl:                   yllätystulos
yllätystulokselle                       :S:All:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksena                        :S:Ess:                   yllätystulos
yllätystulokseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yllätystulos
yllätystulokset                         :P:Nom:                   yllätystulos
yllätystulosten                         :P:Gen:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksien                        :P:Gen:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksia                         :P:Par:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksista                       :P:Ela:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksille                       :P:All:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksina                        :P:Ess:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksin                         :P:Ins:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yllätystulos
yllätystuloksine                        :P:Kom:                   yllätystulos
yllätysuutinen                          :S:Nom:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisen                          :S:Gen:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutista                          :S:Par:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisella                        :S:Ade:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutiselle                        :S:All:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisena                         :S:Ess:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutiset                          :P:Nom:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisten                         :P:Gen:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisin                          :P:Gen:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisia                          :P:Par:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisista                        :P:Ela:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisille                        :P:All:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisina                         :P:Ess:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisin                          :P:Ins:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysuutisine                         :P:Kom:                   yllätysuutinen
yllätysvieras                           :S:Nom:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraan                          :S:Gen:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvierasta                         :S:Par:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraassa                        :S:Ine:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraasta                        :S:Ela:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraaseen                       :S:Ill:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraalla                        :S:Ade:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraalta                        :S:Abl:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraalle                        :S:All:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraana                         :S:Ess:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraatta                        :S:Abe:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraat                          :P:Nom:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraiden                        :P:Gen:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraitten                       :P:Gen:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraita                         :P:Par:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraissa                        :P:Ine:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraista                        :P:Ela:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraisiin                       :P:Ill:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvierailla                        :P:Ade:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvierailta                        :P:Abl:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraille                        :P:All:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraina                         :P:Ess:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvierain                          :P:Ins:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraitta                        :P:Abe:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvieraine                         :P:Kom:                   yllätysvieras
yllätysvoittaja                         :S:Nom:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajan                        :S:Gen:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajaa                        :S:Par:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajassa                      :S:Ine:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajasta                      :S:Ela:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajaan                       :S:Ill:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajalla                      :S:Ade:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajalta                      :S:Abl:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajalle                      :S:All:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajana                       :S:Ess:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajaksi                      :S:Tra:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajatta                      :S:Abe:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajat                        :P:Nom:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajien                       :P:Gen:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajain                       :P:Gen:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajia                        :P:Par:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajissa                      :P:Ine:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajista                      :P:Ela:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajiin                       :P:Ill:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajilla                      :P:Ade:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajilta                      :P:Abl:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajille                      :P:All:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajina                       :P:Ess:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajin                        :P:Ins:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajitta                      :P:Abe:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoittajine                       :P:Kom:                   yllätysvoittaja
yllätysvoitto                           :S:Nom:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoiton                           :S:Gen:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoittoa                          :S:Par:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitossa                         :S:Ine:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitosta                         :S:Ela:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoittoon                         :S:Ill:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitolla                         :S:Ade:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitolta                         :S:Abl:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitolle                         :S:All:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoittona                         :S:Ess:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoksi                         :S:Tra:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitotta                         :S:Abe:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitot                           :P:Nom:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoittojen                        :P:Gen:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoittoja                         :P:Par:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoista                        :P:Ela:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoittoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoille                        :P:All:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoittoina                        :P:Ess:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoin                          :P:Ins:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoitoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yllätysvoitto
yllätysvoittoine                        :P:Kom:                   yllätysvoitto
ylpeilen                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilet                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilevät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeillään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeile                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeilin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeili                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeiltiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeillen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpeillä
ylpeillet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeillee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeillemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeillette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeillevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeiltäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeille                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeiltäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeilisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeiltäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeiltäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilkäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilkää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilkööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeiltäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeile                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeiltäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeillä                                :Inf1:                    ylpeillä
ylpeilläkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ylpeillä
ylpeillessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylpeillä
ylpeiltäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylpeillä
ylpeillen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylpeillä
ylpeilemässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylpeillä
ylpeilemästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylpeillä
ylpeilemään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylpeillä
ylpeilemällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylpeillä
ylpeilemättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylpeillä
ylpeilemän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylpeillä
ylpeiltämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylpeillä
ylpeileminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ylpeillä
ylpeilemistä                            :Inf4:Par:                ylpeillä
ylpeilemäisillään                       :Inf5:                    ylpeillä
ylpeilevä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylpeillä
ylpeiltävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeilemä                               :Cip:Age:                 ylpeillä
ylpeilemätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Con:Per:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylpeillä
ylpeillyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpeillä
ylpeilty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpeillä
ylpeily                                 :S:Nom:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyn                                :S:Gen:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyä                                :S:Par:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyssä                              :S:Ine:                   ylpeily
ylpeilystä                              :S:Ela:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyyn                               :S:Ill:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyllä                              :S:Ade:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyltä                              :S:Abl:                   ylpeily
ylpeilylle                              :S:All:                   ylpeily
ylpeilynä                               :S:Ess:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyttä                              :S:Abe:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyt                                :P:Nom:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyjen                              :P:Gen:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyiden                             :P:Gen:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyitten                            :P:Gen:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyjä                               :P:Par:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyitä                              :P:Par:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyihin                             :P:Ill:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyille                             :P:All:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyin                               :P:Ins:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylpeily
ylpeilyine                              :P:Kom:                   ylpeily
ylpeys                                  :S:Nom:                   ylpeys
ylpeyden                                :S:Gen:                   ylpeys
ylpeyttä                                :S:Par:                   ylpeys
ylpeydessä                              :S:Ine:                   ylpeys
ylpeydestä                              :S:Ela:                   ylpeys
ylpeyteen                               :S:Ill:                   ylpeys
ylpeydellä                              :S:Ade:                   ylpeys
ylpeydeltä                              :S:Abl:                   ylpeys
ylpeydelle                              :S:All:                   ylpeys
ylpeytenä                               :S:Ess:                   ylpeys
ylpeydeksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylpeys
ylpeyttä                                :S:Abe:                   ylpeys
ylpeydet                                :P:Nom:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksien                              :P:Gen:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksiä                               :P:Par:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksille                             :P:All:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksin                               :P:Ins:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylpeys
ylpeyksine                              :P:Kom:                   ylpeys
ylpeä                                   :S:Nom:                   ylpeä
ylpeän                                  :S:Gen:                   ylpeä
ylpeää                                  :S:Par:                   ylpeä
ylpeässä                                :S:Ine:                   ylpeä
ylpeästä                                :S:Ela:                   ylpeä
ylpeään                                 :S:Ill:                   ylpeä
ylpeällä                                :S:Ade:                   ylpeä
ylpeältä                                :S:Abl:                   ylpeä
ylpeälle                                :S:All:                   ylpeä
ylpeänä                                 :S:Ess:                   ylpeä
ylpeäksi                                :S:Tra:                   ylpeä
ylpeättä                                :S:Abe:                   ylpeä
ylpeät                                  :P:Nom:                   ylpeä
ylpeiden                                :P:Gen:                   ylpeä
ylpeitten                               :P:Gen:                   ylpeä
ylpeäin                                 :P:Gen:                   ylpeä
ylpeitä                                 :P:Par:                   ylpeä
ylpeissä                                :P:Ine:                   ylpeä
ylpeistä                                :P:Ela:                   ylpeä
ylpeisiin                               :P:Ill:                   ylpeä
ylpeihin                                :P:Ill:                   ylpeä
ylpeillä                                :P:Ade:                   ylpeä
ylpeiltä                                :P:Abl:                   ylpeä
ylpeille                                :P:All:                   ylpeä
ylpeinä                                 :P:Ess:                   ylpeä
ylpeiksi                                :P:Tra:                   ylpeä
ylpein                                  :P:Ins:                   ylpeä
ylpeittä                                :P:Abe:                   ylpeä
ylpeine                                 :P:Kom:                   ylpeä
ylpistyn                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyt                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyy                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistymme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistytte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyvät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistytään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpisty                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistytä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpistyin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyi                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyttiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpistynen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpistyä
ylpistynet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistynee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistynemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistynette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistynevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyttäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyttäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpistyisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyttäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyttäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpisty                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistykäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistykää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistykööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyttäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpisty                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistykö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyttäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistyä                                :Inf1:                    ylpistyä
ylpistyäkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ylpistyä
ylpistyessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylpistyä
ylpistyttäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylpistyä
ylpistyen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylpistyä
ylpistymässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylpistyä
ylpistymästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylpistyä
ylpistymään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylpistyä
ylpistymällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylpistyä
ylpistymättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylpistyä
ylpistymän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylpistyä
ylpistyttämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylpistyä
ylpistyminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ylpistyä
ylpistymistä                            :Inf4:Par:                ylpistyä
ylpistymäisillään                       :Inf5:                    ylpistyä
ylpistyvä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylpistyä
ylpistyttävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistymä                               :Cip:Age:                 ylpistyä
ylpistymätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylpistyä
ylpistynyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistyneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistyä
ylpistytty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpistyä
ylpistän                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpistää
ylpistät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpistää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistämme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistätte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistetään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistetä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
ylpistin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylpistää
ylpistit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpisti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
ylpistänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpistää
ylpistänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpistänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistettäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistettäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
ylpistäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylpistää
ylpistäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistettäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistettäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
ylpistä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpistäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistettäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistettäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistää                                :Inf1:                    ylpistää
ylpistääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ylpistää
ylpistäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylpistää
ylpistettäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylpistää
ylpistäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylpistää
ylpistämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylpistää
ylpistämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylpistää
ylpistämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylpistää
ylpistämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylpistää
ylpistämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylpistää
ylpistämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylpistää
ylpistettämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylpistää
ylpistäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ylpistää
ylpistämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                ylpistää
ylpistämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    ylpistää
ylpistävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylpistää
ylpistettävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistämä                               :Cip:Age:                 ylpistää
ylpistämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylpistää
ylpistänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylpistää
ylpistetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylpistää
yltiöisänmaallinen                      :S:Nom:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisen                      :S:Gen:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallista                      :S:Par:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisessa                    :S:Ine:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisesta                    :S:Ela:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaalliseen                     :S:Ill:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisella                    :S:Ade:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaalliselta                    :S:Abl:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaalliselle                    :S:All:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisena                     :S:Ess:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaalliseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisetta                    :S:Abe:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaalliset                      :P:Nom:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisten                     :P:Gen:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisin                      :P:Gen:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisia                      :P:Par:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisissa                    :P:Ine:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisista                    :P:Ela:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisilla                    :P:Ade:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisilta                    :P:Abl:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisille                    :P:All:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisina                     :P:Ess:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisin                      :P:Ins:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisitta                    :P:Abe:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisine                     :P:Kom:                   yltiöisänmaallinen
yltiöisänmaallisuus                     :S:Nom:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuden                   :S:Gen:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuutta                   :S:Par:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuudessa                 :S:Ine:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuudesta                 :S:Ela:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuteen                  :S:Ill:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuudella                 :S:Ade:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuudelta                 :S:Abl:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuudelle                 :S:All:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuutena                  :S:Ess:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuudeksi                 :S:Tra:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuutta                   :S:Abe:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuudet                   :P:Nom:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksien                 :P:Gen:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksia                  :P:Par:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksissa                :P:Ine:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksista                :P:Ela:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksiin                 :P:Ill:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksilla                :P:Ade:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksilta                :P:Abl:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksille                :P:All:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksina                 :P:Ess:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksiksi                :P:Tra:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksin                  :P:Ins:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksitta                :P:Abe:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöisänmaallisuuksine                 :P:Kom:                   yltiöisänmaallisuus
yltiöpäinen                             :S:Nom:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisen                             :S:Gen:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäistä                             :S:Par:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäiselle                           :S:All:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäiset                             :P:Nom:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisten                            :P:Gen:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisin                             :P:Gen:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisiä                             :P:Par:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisille                           :P:All:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisin                             :P:Ins:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisine                            :P:Kom:                   yltiöpäinen
yltiöpäisyys                            :S:Nom:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyden                          :S:Gen:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyttä                          :S:Par:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyydessä                        :S:Ine:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyydestä                        :S:Ela:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyteen                         :S:Ill:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyydellä                        :S:Ade:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyydeltä                        :S:Abl:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyydelle                        :S:All:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyytenä                         :S:Ess:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyydeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyttä                          :S:Abe:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyydet                          :P:Nom:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksien                        :P:Gen:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksiä                         :P:Par:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksille                       :P:All:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksin                         :P:Ins:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpäisyyksine                        :P:Kom:                   yltiöpäisyys
yltiöpää                                :S:Nom:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpään                               :S:Gen:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäätä                              :S:Par:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäässä                             :S:Ine:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäästä                             :S:Ela:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäähän                             :S:Ill:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäällä                             :S:Ade:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäältä                             :S:Abl:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäälle                             :S:All:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäänä                              :S:Ess:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpääksi                             :S:Tra:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäättä                             :S:Abe:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäät                               :P:Nom:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäiden                             :P:Gen:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäitten                            :P:Gen:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäitä                              :P:Par:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäissä                             :P:Ine:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäistä                             :P:Ela:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäihin                             :P:Ill:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäillä                             :P:Ade:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäille                             :P:All:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäinä                              :P:Ess:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäin                               :P:Ins:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäittä                             :P:Abe:                   yltiöpää
yltiöpäine                              :P:Kom:                   yltiöpää
yltyleinen                              :S:Nom:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisen                              :S:Gen:                   yltyleinen
yltyleistä                              :S:Par:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisessä                            :S:Ine:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisestä                            :S:Ela:                   yltyleinen
yltyleiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisellä                            :S:Ade:                   yltyleinen
yltyleiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yltyleinen
yltyleiselle                            :S:All:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisenä                             :S:Ess:                   yltyleinen
yltyleiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisettä                            :S:Abe:                   yltyleinen
yltyleiset                              :P:Nom:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisten                             :P:Gen:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisin                              :P:Gen:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisiä                              :P:Par:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisissä                            :P:Ine:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisistä                            :P:Ela:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisillä                            :P:Ade:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisille                            :P:All:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisinä                             :P:Ess:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisin                              :P:Ins:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisittä                            :P:Abe:                   yltyleinen
yltyleisine                             :P:Kom:                   yltyleinen
yllyn                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yltyä
yllyt                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltyy                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yllymme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yllytte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltyvät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllytään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yltyä
ylly                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltyä
ylly                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
ylly                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
ylly                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
ylly                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
ylly                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
yllyin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yltyä
yllyit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltyi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yllyimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yllyitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltyivät                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllyttiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllytty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
yltynen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yltyä
yltynet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltynee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yltynemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yltynette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltynevät                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllyttäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yltyä
yltyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
yltyisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yltyä
yltyisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yltyisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yltyisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltyisivät                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllyttäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             yltyä
yltyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
ylly                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltyköön                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yltykäämme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yltykää                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltykööt                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllyttäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yltyä
ylly                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
yltykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
yltykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
yltykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yltyä
yltyä                                   :Inf1:                    yltyä
yltyäkseen                              :Inf1:L:                  yltyä
yltyessä                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yltyä
yllyttäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yltyä
yltyen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yltyä
yltymässä                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yltyä
yltymästä                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yltyä
yltymään                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yltyä
yltymällä                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yltyä
yltymättä                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yltyä
yltymän                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yltyä
yllyttämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yltyä
yltyminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                yltyä
yltymistä                               :Inf4:Par:                yltyä
yltymäisillään                          :Inf5:                    yltyä
yltyvä                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yltyä
yllyttävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             yltyä
yllytty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             yltyä
yltymä                                  :Cip:Age:                 yltyä
yltymätön                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllytty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllytty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllytty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllytty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllytty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllytty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllytty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllytty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yltyä
yltyneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yltyä
yllytty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             yltyä
yltynyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltyä
yltyneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltyä
yllytty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yltyä
yltäkylläinen                           :S:Nom:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisen                           :S:Gen:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläistä                           :S:Par:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisessä                         :S:Ine:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisestä                         :S:Ela:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisellä                         :S:Ade:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläiselle                         :S:All:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisenä                          :S:Ess:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisettä                         :S:Abe:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläiset                           :P:Nom:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisten                          :P:Gen:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisin                           :P:Gen:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisiä                           :P:Par:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisissä                         :P:Ine:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisistä                         :P:Ela:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisillä                         :P:Ade:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisille                         :P:All:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisinä                          :P:Ess:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisin                           :P:Ins:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisittä                         :P:Abe:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisine                          :P:Kom:                   yltäkylläinen
yltäkylläisyys                          :S:Nom:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyden                        :S:Gen:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyttä                        :S:Par:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyydessä                      :S:Ine:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyydestä                      :S:Ela:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyteen                       :S:Ill:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyydellä                      :S:Ade:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyydeltä                      :S:Abl:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyydelle                      :S:All:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyytenä                       :S:Ess:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyydeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyttä                        :S:Abe:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyydet                        :P:Nom:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksien                      :P:Gen:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksiä                       :P:Par:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksille                     :P:All:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksin                       :P:Ins:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yltäkylläisyys
yltäkylläisyyksine                      :P:Kom:                   yltäkylläisyys
yllän                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yltää
yllät                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yltää
yltää                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yltää
yllämme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yltää
yllätte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yltää
yltävät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yltää
ylletään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yltää
yllä                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltää
yllä                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yllä                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yllä                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yllä                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yllä                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
ylletä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yltää
yllin                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yltää
ylsin                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yltää
yllit                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yltää
ylsit                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yltää
ylti                                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yltää
ylsi                                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yltää
yllimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yltää
ylsimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yltää
yllitte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yltää
ylsimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yltää
yllitte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yltää
ylsitte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yltää
yllettiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
ylletty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yltää
yltänen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yltää
yltänet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yltää
yltänee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yltää
yltänemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yltää
yltänette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yltää
yltänevät                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yltää
yllettäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yltää
yltäne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltää
yltäne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yltäne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yltäne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yltäne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
yllettäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yltää
yltäisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yltää
yltäisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yltää
yltäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yltää
yltäisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yltää
yltäisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yltää
yltäisivät                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yltää
yllettäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             yltää
yltäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltää
yltäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yltäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yltäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yltäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
yllettäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yltää
yllä                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yltää
yltäköön                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yltää
yltäkäämme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yltää
yltäkää                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yltää
yltäkööt                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yltää
yllettäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yltää
yllä                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yltäkö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäkö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yltäkö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yltäkö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
yllettäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yltää
yltää                                   :Inf1:                    yltää
yltääkseen                              :Inf1:L:                  yltää
yltäessä                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yltää
yllettäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yltää
yltäen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yltää
yltämässä                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yltää
yltämästä                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yltää
yltämään                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yltää
yltämällä                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yltää
yltämättä                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yltää
yltämän                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yltää
yllettämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yltää
yltäminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                yltää
yltämistä                               :Inf4:Par:                yltää
yltämäisillään                          :Inf5:                    yltää
yltävä                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yltää
yllettävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yltää
yltänyt                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             yltää
ylletty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             yltää
yltämä                                  :Cip:Age:                 yltää
yltämätön                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yltää
ylletty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
ylletty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yltää
ylletty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
ylletty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yltää
yltänyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yltää
yltänyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yltää
yltänyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yltää
ylletty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             yltää
yltänyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
ylletty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yltää
yltänyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yltää
yltänyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yltää
yltänyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yltää
ylletty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             yltää
yltänyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yltää
yltänyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
ylletty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yltää
yltänyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yltää
yltäneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yltää
ylletty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             yltää
yltänyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yltää
yltäneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yltää
ylletty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yltää
ylväs                                   :S:Nom:                   ylväs
ylvään                                  :S:Gen:                   ylväs
ylvästä                                 :S:Par:                   ylväs
ylväässä                                :S:Ine:                   ylväs
ylväästä                                :S:Ela:                   ylväs
ylvääseen                               :S:Ill:                   ylväs
ylväällä                                :S:Ade:                   ylväs
ylväältä                                :S:Abl:                   ylväs
ylväälle                                :S:All:                   ylväs
ylväänä                                 :S:Ess:                   ylväs
ylvääksi                                :S:Tra:                   ylväs
ylväättä                                :S:Abe:                   ylväs
ylväät                                  :P:Nom:                   ylväs
ylväiden                                :P:Gen:                   ylväs
ylväitten                               :P:Gen:                   ylväs
ylväitä                                 :P:Par:                   ylväs
ylväissä                                :P:Ine:                   ylväs
ylväistä                                :P:Ela:                   ylväs
ylväisiin                               :P:Ill:                   ylväs
ylväillä                                :P:Ade:                   ylväs
ylväiltä                                :P:Abl:                   ylväs
ylväille                                :P:All:                   ylväs
ylväinä                                 :P:Ess:                   ylväs
ylväiksi                                :P:Tra:                   ylväs
ylväin                                  :P:Ins:                   ylväs
ylväittä                                :P:Abe:                   ylväs
ylväine                                 :P:Kom:                   ylväs
ylväsryhtinen                           :S:Nom:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisen                           :S:Gen:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtistä                           :S:Par:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisessä                         :S:Ine:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisestä                         :S:Ela:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisellä                         :S:Ade:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtiselle                         :S:All:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisenä                          :S:Ess:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisettä                         :S:Abe:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtiset                           :P:Nom:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisten                          :P:Gen:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisin                           :P:Gen:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisiä                           :P:Par:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisille                         :P:All:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisin                           :P:Ins:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylväsryhtisine                          :P:Kom:                   ylväsryhtinen
ylvästelijä                             :S:Nom:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijän                            :S:Gen:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijää                            :S:Par:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijässä                          :S:Ine:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijästä                          :S:Ela:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijään                           :S:Ill:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijällä                          :S:Ade:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijältä                          :S:Abl:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijälle                          :S:All:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijänä                           :S:Ess:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijäksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijättä                          :S:Abe:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijät                            :P:Nom:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöiden                         :P:Gen:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöitten                        :P:Gen:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijäin                           :P:Gen:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöitä                          :P:Par:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöissä                         :P:Ine:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöistä                         :P:Ela:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöihin                         :P:Ill:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöillä                         :P:Ade:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöille                         :P:All:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöinä                          :P:Ess:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöin                           :P:Ins:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöittä                         :P:Abe:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelijöine                          :P:Kom:                   ylvästelijä
ylvästelen                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelet                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelee                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelemme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelette                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelevät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästellään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästelin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästeli                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelivät                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästeltiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästellen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylvästellä
ylvästellet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästellee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästellemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästellette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästellevät                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästeltäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästeltäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästelisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelisivät                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästeltäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästeltäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelköön                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelkäämme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelkää                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelkööt                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästeltäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästeltäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästellä                              :Inf1:                    ylvästellä
ylvästelläkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ylvästellä
ylvästellessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ylvästellä
ylvästeltäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ylvästellä
ylvästellen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ylvästellä
ylvästelemässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ylvästellä
ylvästelemästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ylvästellä
ylvästelemään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ylvästellä
ylvästelemällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ylvästellä
ylvästelemättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ylvästellä
ylvästelemän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ylvästellä
ylvästeltämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ylvästellä
ylvästeleminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ylvästellä
ylvästelemistä                          :Inf4:Par:                ylvästellä
ylvästelemäisillään                     :Inf5:                    ylvästellä
ylvästelevä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ylvästellä
ylvästeltävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästelemä                             :Cip:Age:                 ylvästellä
ylvästelemätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ylvästellä
ylvästellyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ylvästellä
ylvästelty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ylvästellä
ylvästely                               :S:Nom:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyn                              :S:Gen:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyä                              :S:Par:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyssä                            :S:Ine:                   ylvästely
ylvästelystä                            :S:Ela:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyyn                             :S:Ill:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyllä                            :S:Ade:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylvästely
ylvästelylle                            :S:All:                   ylvästely
ylvästelynä                             :S:Ess:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyttä                            :S:Abe:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyt                              :P:Nom:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyjen                            :P:Gen:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyiden                           :P:Gen:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyitten                          :P:Gen:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyjä                             :P:Par:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyitä                            :P:Par:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyissä                           :P:Ine:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyistä                           :P:Ela:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyihin                           :P:Ill:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyillä                           :P:Ade:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyille                           :P:All:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyinä                            :P:Ess:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyin                             :P:Ins:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyittä                           :P:Abe:                   ylvästely
ylvästelyine                            :P:Kom:                   ylvästely
ylväys                                  :S:Nom:                   ylväys
ylväyden                                :S:Gen:                   ylväys
ylväyttä                                :S:Par:                   ylväys
ylväydessä                              :S:Ine:                   ylväys
ylväydestä                              :S:Ela:                   ylväys
ylväyteen                               :S:Ill:                   ylväys
ylväydellä                              :S:Ade:                   ylväys
ylväydeltä                              :S:Abl:                   ylväys
ylväydelle                              :S:All:                   ylväys
ylväytenä                               :S:Ess:                   ylväys
ylväydeksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylväys
ylväyttä                                :S:Abe:                   ylväys
ylväydet                                :P:Nom:                   ylväys
ylväyksien                              :P:Gen:                   ylväys
ylväyksiä                               :P:Par:                   ylväys
ylväyksissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylväys
ylväyksistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylväys
ylväyksiin                              :P:Ill:                   ylväys
ylväyksillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylväys
ylväyksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylväys
ylväyksille                             :P:All:                   ylväys
ylväyksinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylväys
ylväyksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylväys
ylväyksin                               :P:Ins:                   ylväys
ylväyksittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylväys
ylväyksine                              :P:Kom:                   ylväys
yläarvoinen                             :S:Nom:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisen                             :S:Gen:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoista                             :S:Par:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisella                           :S:Ade:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoiselta                           :S:Abl:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoiselle                           :S:All:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisena                            :S:Ess:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoiset                             :P:Nom:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisten                            :P:Gen:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisin                             :P:Gen:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisia                             :P:Par:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisista                           :P:Ela:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisille                           :P:All:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisina                            :P:Ess:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisin                             :P:Ins:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yläarvoinen
yläarvoisine                            :P:Kom:                   yläarvoinen
yläaste                                 :S:Nom:                   yläaste
yläasteen                               :S:Gen:                   yläaste
yläastetta                              :S:Par:                   yläaste
yläasteessa                             :S:Ine:                   yläaste
yläasteesta                             :S:Ela:                   yläaste
yläasteeseen                            :S:Ill:                   yläaste
yläasteella                             :S:Ade:                   yläaste
yläasteelta                             :S:Abl:                   yläaste
yläasteelle                             :S:All:                   yläaste
yläasteena                              :S:Ess:                   yläaste
yläasteeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläaste
yläasteetta                             :S:Abe:                   yläaste
yläasteet                               :P:Nom:                   yläaste
yläasteiden                             :P:Gen:                   yläaste
yläasteitten                            :P:Gen:                   yläaste
yläasteita                              :P:Par:                   yläaste
yläasteissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläaste
yläasteista                             :P:Ela:                   yläaste
yläasteisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yläaste
yläasteihin                             :P:Ill:                   yläaste
yläasteilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläaste
yläasteilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläaste
yläasteille                             :P:All:                   yläaste
yläasteina                              :P:Ess:                   yläaste
yläasteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläaste
yläastein                               :P:Ins:                   yläaste
yläasteitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläaste
yläasteine                              :P:Kom:                   yläaste
yläastelainen                           :S:Nom:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisen                           :S:Gen:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaista                           :S:Par:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisella                         :S:Ade:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaiselle                         :S:All:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisena                          :S:Ess:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaiset                           :P:Nom:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisten                          :P:Gen:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisin                           :P:Gen:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisia                           :P:Par:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisista                         :P:Ela:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisille                         :P:All:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisina                          :P:Ess:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisin                           :P:Ins:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yläastelainen
yläastelaisine                          :P:Kom:                   yläastelainen
ylähammas                               :S:Nom:                   ylähammas
ylähampaan                              :S:Gen:                   ylähammas
ylähammasta                             :S:Par:                   ylähammas
ylähampaassa                            :S:Ine:                   ylähammas
ylähampaasta                            :S:Ela:                   ylähammas
ylähampaaseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylähammas
ylähampaalla                            :S:Ade:                   ylähammas
ylähampaalta                            :S:Abl:                   ylähammas
ylähampaalle                            :S:All:                   ylähammas
ylähampaana                             :S:Ess:                   ylähammas
ylähampaaksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylähammas
ylähampaatta                            :S:Abe:                   ylähammas
ylähampaat                              :P:Nom:                   ylähammas
ylähampaiden                            :P:Gen:                   ylähammas
ylähammaitten                           :P:Gen:                   ylähammas
ylähampaita                             :P:Par:                   ylähammas
ylähampaissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylähammas
ylähampaista                            :P:Ela:                   ylähammas
ylähampaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylähammas
ylähampailla                            :P:Ade:                   ylähammas
ylähampailta                            :P:Abl:                   ylähammas
ylähampaille                            :P:All:                   ylähammas
ylähampaina                             :P:Ess:                   ylähammas
ylähampaiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylähammas
ylähampain                              :P:Ins:                   ylähammas
ylähampaitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylähammas
ylähampaine                             :P:Kom:                   ylähammas
ylähanka                                :S:Nom:                   ylähanka
ylähangan                               :S:Gen:                   ylähanka
ylähankaa                               :S:Par:                   ylähanka
ylähangassa                             :S:Ine:                   ylähanka
ylähangasta                             :S:Ela:                   ylähanka
ylähankaan                              :S:Ill:                   ylähanka
ylähangalla                             :S:Ade:                   ylähanka
ylähangalta                             :S:Abl:                   ylähanka
ylähangalle                             :S:All:                   ylähanka
ylähankana                              :S:Ess:                   ylähanka
ylähangaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylähanka
ylähangatta                             :S:Abe:                   ylähanka
ylähangat                               :P:Nom:                   ylähanka
ylähankojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylähanka
ylähankain                              :P:Gen:                   ylähanka
ylähankoja                              :P:Par:                   ylähanka
ylähangoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylähanka
ylähangoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylähanka
ylähankoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylähanka
ylähangoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylähanka
ylähangoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylähanka
ylähangoille                            :P:All:                   ylähanka
ylähankoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylähanka
ylähangoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylähanka
ylähangoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylähanka
ylähangoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylähanka
ylähankoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylähanka
yläharvennus                            :S:Nom:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksen                         :S:Gen:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennusta                          :S:Par:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennukseen                        :S:Ill:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksella                       :S:Ade:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennukselta                       :S:Abl:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennukselle                       :S:All:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksena                        :S:Ess:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennukset                         :P:Nom:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennusten                         :P:Gen:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksia                         :P:Par:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksille                       :P:All:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yläharvennus
yläharvennuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yläharvennus
ylähuone                                :S:Nom:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneen                              :S:Gen:                   ylähuone
ylähuonetta                             :S:Par:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneessa                            :S:Ine:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneesta                            :S:Ela:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneeseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneella                            :S:Ade:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneelta                            :S:Abl:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneelle                            :S:All:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneena                             :S:Ess:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneetta                            :S:Abe:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneet                              :P:Nom:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneiden                            :P:Gen:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneitten                           :P:Gen:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneita                             :P:Par:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneista                            :P:Ela:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneille                            :P:All:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneina                             :P:Ess:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylähuone
ylähuonein                              :P:Ins:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylähuone
ylähuoneine                             :P:Kom:                   ylähuone
ylähuuli                                :S:Nom:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulen                               :S:Gen:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulta                               :S:Par:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulessa                             :S:Ine:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulesta                             :S:Ela:                   ylähuuli
ylähuuleen                              :S:Ill:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulella                             :S:Ade:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulelta                             :S:Abl:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulelle                             :S:All:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulena                              :S:Ess:                   ylähuuli
ylähuuleksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylähuuli
ylähuuletta                             :S:Abe:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulet                               :P:Nom:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulien                              :P:Gen:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulten                              :P:Gen:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulia                               :P:Par:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulista                             :P:Ela:                   ylähuuli
ylähuuliin                              :P:Ill:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulille                             :P:All:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulina                              :P:Ess:                   ylähuuli
ylähuuliksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulin                               :P:Ins:                   ylähuuli
ylähuulitta                             :P:Abe:                   ylähuuli
ylähuuline                              :P:Kom:                   ylähuuli
yläikäraja                              :S:Nom:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajan                             :S:Gen:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajaa                             :S:Par:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajassa                           :S:Ine:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajasta                           :S:Ela:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajaan                            :S:Ill:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajalla                           :S:Ade:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajalta                           :S:Abl:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajalle                           :S:All:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajana                            :S:Ess:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajatta                           :S:Abe:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajat                             :P:Nom:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajojen                           :P:Gen:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajain                            :P:Gen:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoja                            :P:Par:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoista                          :P:Ela:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoille                          :P:All:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoina                           :P:Ess:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoin                            :P:Ins:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yläikäraja
yläikärajoine                           :P:Kom:                   yläikäraja
yläilma                                 :S:Nom:                   yläilma
yläilman                                :S:Gen:                   yläilma
yläilmaa                                :S:Par:                   yläilma
yläilmassa                              :S:Ine:                   yläilma
yläilmasta                              :S:Ela:                   yläilma
yläilmaan                               :S:Ill:                   yläilma
yläilmalla                              :S:Ade:                   yläilma
yläilmalta                              :S:Abl:                   yläilma
yläilmalle                              :S:All:                   yläilma
yläilmana                               :S:Ess:                   yläilma
yläilmaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yläilma
yläilmatta                              :S:Abe:                   yläilma
yläilmat                                :P:Nom:                   yläilma
yläilmojen                              :P:Gen:                   yläilma
yläilmain                               :P:Gen:                   yläilma
yläilmoja                               :P:Par:                   yläilma
yläilmoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläilma
yläilmoista                             :P:Ela:                   yläilma
yläilmoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yläilma
yläilmoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläilma
yläilmoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläilma
yläilmoille                             :P:All:                   yläilma
yläilmoina                              :P:Ess:                   yläilma
yläilmoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläilma
yläilmoin                               :P:Ins:                   yläilma
yläilmoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläilma
yläilmoine                              :P:Kom:                   yläilma
yläjuoksu                               :S:Nom:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksun                              :S:Gen:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksua                              :S:Par:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksussa                            :S:Ine:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksusta                            :S:Ela:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuun                             :S:Ill:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksulla                            :S:Ade:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksulta                            :S:Abl:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksulle                            :S:All:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuna                             :S:Ess:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuksi                            :S:Tra:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksutta                            :S:Abe:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksut                              :P:Nom:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksujen                            :P:Gen:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuja                             :P:Par:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuissa                           :P:Ine:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuista                           :P:Ela:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuihin                           :P:Ill:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuilla                           :P:Ade:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuilta                           :P:Abl:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuille                           :P:All:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuina                            :P:Ess:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuin                             :P:Ins:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuitta                           :P:Abe:                   yläjuoksu
yläjuoksuine                            :P:Kom:                   yläjuoksu
yläkansakoulu                           :S:Nom:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoulun                          :S:Gen:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoulua                          :S:Par:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoulussa                        :S:Ine:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoulusta                        :S:Ela:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluun                         :S:Ill:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoululla                        :S:Ade:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoululta                        :S:Abl:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoululle                        :S:All:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluna                         :S:Ess:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluksi                        :S:Tra:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoulutta                        :S:Abe:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoulut                          :P:Nom:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakoulujen                        :P:Gen:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluja                         :P:Par:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluissa                       :P:Ine:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluista                       :P:Ela:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluihin                       :P:Ill:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluilla                       :P:Ade:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluilta                       :P:Abl:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluille                       :P:All:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluina                        :P:Ess:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluin                         :P:Ins:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluitta                       :P:Abe:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansakouluine                        :P:Kom:                   yläkansakoulu
yläkansi                                :S:Nom:                   yläkansi
yläkannen                               :S:Gen:                   yläkansi
yläkantta                               :S:Par:                   yläkansi
yläkannessa                             :S:Ine:                   yläkansi
yläkannesta                             :S:Ela:                   yläkansi
yläkanteen                              :S:Ill:                   yläkansi
yläkannella                             :S:Ade:                   yläkansi
yläkannelta                             :S:Abl:                   yläkansi
yläkannelle                             :S:All:                   yläkansi
yläkantena                              :S:Ess:                   yläkansi
yläkanneksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläkansi
yläkannetta                             :S:Abe:                   yläkansi
yläkannet                               :P:Nom:                   yläkansi
yläkansien                              :P:Gen:                   yläkansi
yläkantten                              :P:Gen:                   yläkansi
yläkansia                               :P:Par:                   yläkansi
yläkansissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläkansi
yläkansista                             :P:Ela:                   yläkansi
yläkansiin                              :P:Ill:                   yläkansi
yläkansilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläkansi
yläkansilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläkansi
yläkansille                             :P:All:                   yläkansi
yläkansina                              :P:Ess:                   yläkansi
yläkansiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläkansi
yläkansin                               :P:Ins:                   yläkansi
yläkansitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläkansi
yläkansine                              :P:Kom:                   yläkansi
yläkerros                               :S:Nom:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksen                            :S:Gen:                   yläkerros
yläkerrosta                             :S:Par:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksessa                          :S:Ine:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksesta                          :S:Ela:                   yläkerros
yläkerrokseen                           :S:Ill:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksella                          :S:Ade:                   yläkerros
yläkerrokselta                          :S:Abl:                   yläkerros
yläkerrokselle                          :S:All:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksena                           :S:Ess:                   yläkerros
yläkerrokseksi                          :S:Tra:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksetta                          :S:Abe:                   yläkerros
yläkerrokset                            :P:Nom:                   yläkerros
yläkerrosten                            :P:Gen:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksien                           :P:Gen:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksia                            :P:Par:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksissa                          :P:Ine:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksista                          :P:Ela:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksiin                           :P:Ill:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksilla                          :P:Ade:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksilta                          :P:Abl:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksille                          :P:All:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksina                           :P:Ess:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksin                            :P:Ins:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksitta                          :P:Abe:                   yläkerros
yläkerroksine                           :P:Kom:                   yläkerros
yläkerta                                :S:Nom:                   yläkerta
yläkerran                               :S:Gen:                   yläkerta
yläkertaa                               :S:Par:                   yläkerta
yläkerrassa                             :S:Ine:                   yläkerta
yläkerrasta                             :S:Ela:                   yläkerta
yläkertaan                              :S:Ill:                   yläkerta
yläkerralla                             :S:Ade:                   yläkerta
yläkerralta                             :S:Abl:                   yläkerta
yläkerralle                             :S:All:                   yläkerta
yläkertana                              :S:Ess:                   yläkerta
yläkerraksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläkerta
yläkerratta                             :S:Abe:                   yläkerta
yläkerrat                               :P:Nom:                   yläkerta
yläkertojen                             :P:Gen:                   yläkerta
yläkertain                              :P:Gen:                   yläkerta
yläkertoja                              :P:Par:                   yläkerta
yläkerroissa                            :P:Ine:                   yläkerta
yläkerroista                            :P:Ela:                   yläkerta
yläkertoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yläkerta
yläkerroilla                            :P:Ade:                   yläkerta
yläkerroilta                            :P:Abl:                   yläkerta
yläkerroille                            :P:All:                   yläkerta
yläkertoina                             :P:Ess:                   yläkerta
yläkerroiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yläkerta
yläkerroin                              :P:Ins:                   yläkerta
yläkerroitta                            :P:Abe:                   yläkerta
yläkertoine                             :P:Kom:                   yläkerta
yläkierre                               :S:Nom:                   yläkierre
yläkierteen                             :S:Gen:                   yläkierre
yläkierrettä                            :S:Par:                   yläkierre
yläkierteessä                           :S:Ine:                   yläkierre
yläkierteestä                           :S:Ela:                   yläkierre
yläkierteeseen                          :S:Ill:                   yläkierre
yläkierteellä                           :S:Ade:                   yläkierre
yläkierteeltä                           :S:Abl:                   yläkierre
yläkierteelle                           :S:All:                   yläkierre
yläkierteenä                            :S:Ess:                   yläkierre
yläkierteeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yläkierre
yläkierteettä                           :S:Abe:                   yläkierre
yläkierteet                             :P:Nom:                   yläkierre
yläkierteiden                           :P:Gen:                   yläkierre
yläkierreitten                          :P:Gen:                   yläkierre
yläkierteitä                            :P:Par:                   yläkierre
yläkierteissä                           :P:Ine:                   yläkierre
yläkierteistä                           :P:Ela:                   yläkierre
yläkierteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yläkierre
yläkierteihin                           :P:Ill:                   yläkierre
yläkierteillä                           :P:Ade:                   yläkierre
yläkierteiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yläkierre
yläkierteille                           :P:All:                   yläkierre
yläkierteinä                            :P:Ess:                   yläkierre
yläkierteiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yläkierre
yläkiertein                             :P:Ins:                   yläkierre
yläkierteittä                           :P:Abe:                   yläkierre
yläkierteine                            :P:Kom:                   yläkierre
yläkierrelyönti                         :S:Nom:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönnin                        :S:Gen:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyöntiä                        :S:Par:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönnissä                      :S:Ine:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönnistä                      :S:Ela:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyöntiin                       :S:Ill:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönnillä                      :S:Ade:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönniltä                      :S:Abl:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönnille                      :S:All:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyöntinä                       :S:Ess:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönniksi                      :S:Tra:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönnittä                      :S:Abe:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönnit                        :P:Nom:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyöntien                       :P:Gen:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyöntejä                       :P:Par:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönneissä                     :P:Ine:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönneistä                     :P:Ela:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönteihin                     :P:Ill:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönneillä                     :P:Ade:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönneiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönneille                     :P:All:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönteinä                      :P:Ess:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönneiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönnein                       :P:Ins:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönneittä                     :P:Abe:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierrelyönteine                      :P:Kom:                   yläkierrelyönti
yläkierteinen                           :S:Nom:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisen                           :S:Gen:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteistä                           :S:Par:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisessä                         :S:Ine:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisestä                         :S:Ela:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisellä                         :S:Ade:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteiselle                         :S:All:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisenä                          :S:Ess:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisettä                         :S:Abe:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteiset                           :P:Nom:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisten                          :P:Gen:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisin                           :P:Gen:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisiä                           :P:Par:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisissä                         :P:Ine:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisistä                         :P:Ela:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisillä                         :P:Ade:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisille                         :P:All:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisinä                          :P:Ess:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisin                           :P:Ins:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisittä                         :P:Abe:                   yläkierteinen
yläkierteisine                          :P:Kom:                   yläkierteinen
yläkoukku                               :S:Nom:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukun                               :S:Gen:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukkua                              :S:Par:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukussa                             :S:Ine:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukusta                             :S:Ela:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukkuun                             :S:Ill:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukulla                             :S:Ade:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukulta                             :S:Abl:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukulle                             :S:All:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukkuna                             :S:Ess:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukutta                             :S:Abe:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukut                               :P:Nom:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukkujen                            :P:Gen:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukkuja                             :P:Par:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuissa                            :P:Ine:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuista                            :P:Ela:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukkuihin                           :P:Ill:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuilla                            :P:Ade:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuilta                            :P:Abl:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuille                            :P:All:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukkuina                            :P:Ess:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuin                              :P:Ins:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukuitta                            :P:Abe:                   yläkoukku
yläkoukkuine                            :P:Kom:                   yläkoukku
yläkoulu                                :S:Nom:                   yläkoulu
yläkoulun                               :S:Gen:                   yläkoulu
yläkoulua                               :S:Par:                   yläkoulu
yläkoulussa                             :S:Ine:                   yläkoulu
yläkoulusta                             :S:Ela:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluun                              :S:Ill:                   yläkoulu
yläkoululla                             :S:Ade:                   yläkoulu
yläkoululta                             :S:Abl:                   yläkoulu
yläkoululle                             :S:All:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluna                              :S:Ess:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläkoulu
yläkoulutta                             :S:Abe:                   yläkoulu
yläkoulut                               :P:Nom:                   yläkoulu
yläkoulujen                             :P:Gen:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluja                              :P:Par:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluissa                            :P:Ine:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluista                            :P:Ela:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluihin                            :P:Ill:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluilla                            :P:Ade:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluilta                            :P:Abl:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluille                            :P:All:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluina                             :P:Ess:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluin                              :P:Ins:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluitta                            :P:Abe:                   yläkoulu
yläkouluine                             :P:Kom:                   yläkoulu
yläkoululainen                          :S:Nom:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisen                          :S:Gen:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaista                          :S:Par:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisessa                        :S:Ine:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisesta                        :S:Ela:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaiseen                         :S:Ill:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisella                        :S:Ade:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaiselta                        :S:Abl:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaiselle                        :S:All:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisena                         :S:Ess:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisetta                        :S:Abe:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaiset                          :P:Nom:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisten                         :P:Gen:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisin                          :P:Gen:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisia                          :P:Par:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisissa                        :P:Ine:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisista                        :P:Ela:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisilla                        :P:Ade:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisilta                        :P:Abl:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisille                        :P:All:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisina                         :P:Ess:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisin                          :P:Ins:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisitta                        :P:Abe:                   yläkoululainen
yläkoululaisine                         :P:Kom:                   yläkoululainen
yläkulttuuri                            :S:Nom:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurin                           :S:Gen:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuuria                           :S:Par:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurissa                         :S:Ine:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurista                         :S:Ela:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuuriin                          :S:Ill:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurilla                         :S:Ade:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurilta                         :S:Abl:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurille                         :S:All:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurina                          :S:Ess:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuuriksi                         :S:Tra:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuuritta                         :S:Abe:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurit                           :P:Nom:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurien                          :P:Gen:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureiden                        :P:Gen:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureitten                       :P:Gen:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureja                          :P:Par:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureita                         :P:Par:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureissa                        :P:Ine:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureista                        :P:Ela:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureihin                        :P:Ill:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureilla                        :P:Ade:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureilta                        :P:Abl:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureille                        :P:All:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureina                         :P:Ess:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuurein                          :P:Ins:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureitta                        :P:Abe:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkulttuureine                         :P:Kom:                   yläkulttuuri
yläkua                                  :S:Nom:                   yläkuu
yläkuan                                 :S:Gen:                   yläkuu
yläkuata                                :S:Par:                   yläkuu
yläkuassa                               :S:Ine:                   yläkuu
yläkuasta                               :S:Ela:                   yläkuu
yläkuuhun                               :S:Ill:                   yläkuu
yläkualla                               :S:Ade:                   yläkuu
yläkualta                               :S:Abl:                   yläkuu
yläkualle                               :S:All:                   yläkuu
yläkuana                                :S:Ess:                   yläkuu
yläkuaksi                               :S:Tra:                   yläkuu
yläkuatta                               :S:Abe:                   yläkuu
yläkuat                                 :P:Nom:                   yläkuu
yläkuiden                               :P:Gen:                   yläkuu
yläkuitten                              :P:Gen:                   yläkuu
yläkuita                                :P:Par:                   yläkuu
yläkuissa                               :P:Ine:                   yläkuu
yläkuista                               :P:Ela:                   yläkuu
yläkuihin                               :P:Ill:                   yläkuu
yläkuilla                               :P:Ade:                   yläkuu
yläkuilta                               :P:Abl:                   yläkuu
yläkuille                               :P:All:                   yläkuu
yläkuina                                :P:Ess:                   yläkuu
yläkuiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yläkuu
yläkuin                                 :P:Ins:                   yläkuu
yläkuitta                               :P:Abe:                   yläkuu
yläkuine                                :P:Kom:                   yläkuu
ylälanka                                :S:Nom:                   ylälanka
ylälangan                               :S:Gen:                   ylälanka
ylälankaa                               :S:Par:                   ylälanka
ylälangassa                             :S:Ine:                   ylälanka
ylälangasta                             :S:Ela:                   ylälanka
ylälankaan                              :S:Ill:                   ylälanka
ylälangalla                             :S:Ade:                   ylälanka
ylälangalta                             :S:Abl:                   ylälanka
ylälangalle                             :S:All:                   ylälanka
ylälankana                              :S:Ess:                   ylälanka
ylälangaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylälanka
ylälangatta                             :S:Abe:                   ylälanka
ylälangat                               :P:Nom:                   ylälanka
ylälankojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylälanka
ylälankain                              :P:Gen:                   ylälanka
ylälankoja                              :P:Par:                   ylälanka
ylälangoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylälanka
ylälangoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylälanka
ylälankoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylälanka
ylälangoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylälanka
ylälangoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylälanka
ylälangoille                            :P:All:                   ylälanka
ylälankoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylälanka
ylälangoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylälanka
ylälangoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylälanka
ylälangoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylälanka
ylälankoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylälanka
yläleuka                                :S:Nom:                   yläleuka
yläleuan                                :S:Gen:                   yläleuka
yläleukaa                               :S:Par:                   yläleuka
yläleuassa                              :S:Ine:                   yläleuka
yläleuasta                              :S:Ela:                   yläleuka
yläleukaan                              :S:Ill:                   yläleuka
yläleualla                              :S:Ade:                   yläleuka
yläleualta                              :S:Abl:                   yläleuka
yläleualle                              :S:All:                   yläleuka
yläleukana                              :S:Ess:                   yläleuka
yläleuaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yläleuka
yläleuatta                              :S:Abe:                   yläleuka
yläleuat                                :P:Nom:                   yläleuka
yläleukojen                             :P:Gen:                   yläleuka
yläleukain                              :P:Gen:                   yläleuka
yläleukoja                              :P:Par:                   yläleuka
yläleuoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläleuka
yläleuoista                             :P:Ela:                   yläleuka
yläleukoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yläleuka
yläleuoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläleuka
yläleuoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläleuka
yläleuoille                             :P:All:                   yläleuka
yläleukoina                             :P:Ess:                   yläleuka
yläleuoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläleuka
yläleuoin                               :P:Ins:                   yläleuka
yläleuoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläleuka
yläleukoine                             :P:Kom:                   yläleuka
yläleukalua                             :S:Nom:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluan                            :S:Gen:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluata                           :S:Par:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluassa                          :S:Ine:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluasta                          :S:Ela:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluuhun                          :S:Ill:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukalualla                          :S:Ade:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukalualta                          :S:Abl:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukalualle                          :S:All:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluana                           :S:Ess:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluatta                          :S:Abe:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluat                            :P:Nom:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluiden                          :P:Gen:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluitten                         :P:Gen:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluita                           :P:Par:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluissa                          :P:Ine:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluista                          :P:Ela:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluihin                          :P:Ill:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluilla                          :P:Ade:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluilta                          :P:Abl:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluille                          :P:All:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluina                           :P:Ess:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluin                            :P:Ins:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluitta                          :P:Abe:                   yläleukaluu
yläleukaluine                           :P:Kom:                   yläleukaluu
yläluokka                               :S:Nom:                   yläluokka
yläluokan                               :S:Gen:                   yläluokka
yläluokkaa                              :S:Par:                   yläluokka
yläluokassa                             :S:Ine:                   yläluokka
yläluokasta                             :S:Ela:                   yläluokka
yläluokkaan                             :S:Ill:                   yläluokka
yläluokalla                             :S:Ade:                   yläluokka
yläluokalta                             :S:Abl:                   yläluokka
yläluokalle                             :S:All:                   yläluokka
yläluokkana                             :S:Ess:                   yläluokka
yläluokaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläluokka
yläluokatta                             :S:Abe:                   yläluokka
yläluokat                               :P:Nom:                   yläluokka
yläluokkien                             :P:Gen:                   yläluokka
yläluokkain                             :P:Gen:                   yläluokka
yläluokkia                              :P:Par:                   yläluokka
yläluokissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläluokka
yläluokista                             :P:Ela:                   yläluokka
yläluokkiin                             :P:Ill:                   yläluokka
yläluokilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläluokka
yläluokilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläluokka
yläluokille                             :P:All:                   yläluokka
yläluokkina                             :P:Ess:                   yläluokka
yläluokiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläluokka
yläluokin                               :P:Ins:                   yläluokka
yläluokitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläluokka
yläluokkine                             :P:Kom:                   yläluokka
yläluokkainen                           :S:Nom:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisen                           :S:Gen:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaista                           :S:Par:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisessa                         :S:Ine:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisesta                         :S:Ela:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaiseen                          :S:Ill:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisella                         :S:Ade:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaiselta                         :S:Abl:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaiselle                         :S:All:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisena                          :S:Ess:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisetta                         :S:Abe:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaiset                           :P:Nom:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisten                          :P:Gen:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisin                           :P:Gen:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisia                           :P:Par:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisissa                         :P:Ine:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisista                         :P:Ela:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisilla                         :P:Ade:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisilta                         :P:Abl:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisille                         :P:All:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisina                          :P:Ess:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisin                           :P:Ins:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisitta                         :P:Abe:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkaisine                          :P:Kom:                   yläluokkainen
yläluokkalainen                         :S:Nom:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisen                         :S:Gen:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaista                         :S:Par:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisessa                       :S:Ine:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisesta                       :S:Ela:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaiseen                        :S:Ill:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisella                       :S:Ade:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaiselta                       :S:Abl:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaiselle                       :S:All:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisena                        :S:Ess:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaiseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisetta                       :S:Abe:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaiset                         :P:Nom:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisten                        :P:Gen:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisin                         :P:Gen:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisia                         :P:Par:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisissa                       :P:Ine:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisista                       :P:Ela:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisilla                       :P:Ade:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisilta                       :P:Abl:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisille                       :P:All:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisina                        :P:Ess:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisin                         :P:Ins:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisitta                       :P:Abe:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluokkalaisine                        :P:Kom:                   yläluokkalainen
yläluomi                                :S:Nom:                   yläluomi
yläluomen                               :S:Gen:                   yläluomi
yläluonta                               :S:Par:                   yläluomi
yläluomea                               :S:Par:                   yläluomi
yläluomessa                             :S:Ine:                   yläluomi
yläluomesta                             :S:Ela:                   yläluomi
yläluomeen                              :S:Ill:                   yläluomi
yläluomella                             :S:Ade:                   yläluomi
yläluomelta                             :S:Abl:                   yläluomi
yläluomelle                             :S:All:                   yläluomi
yläluomena                              :S:Ess:                   yläluomi
yläluomeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläluomi
yläluometta                             :S:Abe:                   yläluomi
yläluomet                               :P:Nom:                   yläluomi
yläluomien                              :P:Gen:                   yläluomi
yläluonten                              :P:Gen:                   yläluomi
yläluomia                               :P:Par:                   yläluomi
yläluomissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläluomi
yläluomista                             :P:Ela:                   yläluomi
yläluomiin                              :P:Ill:                   yläluomi
yläluomilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläluomi
yläluomilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläluomi
yläluomille                             :P:All:                   yläluomi
yläluomina                              :P:Ess:                   yläluomi
yläluomiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläluomi
yläluomin                               :P:Ins:                   yläluomi
yläluomitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläluomi
yläluomine                              :P:Kom:                   yläluomi
ylämaa                                  :S:Nom:                   ylämaa
ylämaan                                 :S:Gen:                   ylämaa
ylämaata                                :S:Par:                   ylämaa
ylämaassa                               :S:Ine:                   ylämaa
ylämaasta                               :S:Ela:                   ylämaa
ylämaahan                               :S:Ill:                   ylämaa
ylämaalla                               :S:Ade:                   ylämaa
ylämaalta                               :S:Abl:                   ylämaa
ylämaalle                               :S:All:                   ylämaa
ylämaana                                :S:Ess:                   ylämaa
ylämaaksi                               :S:Tra:                   ylämaa
ylämaatta                               :S:Abe:                   ylämaa
ylämaat                                 :P:Nom:                   ylämaa
ylämaiden                               :P:Gen:                   ylämaa
ylämaitten                              :P:Gen:                   ylämaa
ylämaita                                :P:Par:                   ylämaa
ylämaissa                               :P:Ine:                   ylämaa
ylämaista                               :P:Ela:                   ylämaa
ylämaihin                               :P:Ill:                   ylämaa
ylämailla                               :P:Ade:                   ylämaa
ylämailta                               :P:Abl:                   ylämaa
ylämaille                               :P:All:                   ylämaa
ylämaina                                :P:Ess:                   ylämaa
ylämaiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ylämaa
ylämain                                 :P:Ins:                   ylämaa
ylämaitta                               :P:Abe:                   ylämaa
ylämaine                                :P:Kom:                   ylämaa
ylämaalainen                            :S:Nom:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisen                            :S:Gen:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaista                            :S:Par:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisella                          :S:Ade:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaiselle                          :S:All:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisena                           :S:Ess:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaiset                            :P:Nom:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisten                           :P:Gen:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisin                            :P:Gen:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisia                            :P:Par:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisista                          :P:Ela:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisille                          :P:All:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisina                           :P:Ess:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisin                            :P:Ins:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylämaalainen
ylämaalaisine                           :P:Kom:                   ylämaalainen
ylämäki                                 :S:Nom:                   ylämäki
ylämäen                                 :S:Gen:                   ylämäki
ylämäkeä                                :S:Par:                   ylämäki
ylämäessä                               :S:Ine:                   ylämäki
ylämäestä                               :S:Ela:                   ylämäki
ylämäkeen                               :S:Ill:                   ylämäki
ylämäellä                               :S:Ade:                   ylämäki
ylämäeltä                               :S:Abl:                   ylämäki
ylämäelle                               :S:All:                   ylämäki
ylämäkenä                               :S:Ess:                   ylämäki
ylämäeksi                               :S:Tra:                   ylämäki
ylämäettä                               :S:Abe:                   ylämäki
ylämäet                                 :P:Nom:                   ylämäki
ylämäkien                               :P:Gen:                   ylämäki
ylämäkiä                                :P:Par:                   ylämäki
ylämäissä                               :P:Ine:                   ylämäki
ylämäistä                               :P:Ela:                   ylämäki
ylämäkiin                               :P:Ill:                   ylämäki
ylämäillä                               :P:Ade:                   ylämäki
ylämäiltä                               :P:Abl:                   ylämäki
ylämäille                               :P:All:                   ylämäki
ylämäkinä                               :P:Ess:                   ylämäki
ylämäiksi                               :P:Tra:                   ylämäki
ylämäin                                 :P:Ins:                   ylämäki
ylämäittä                               :P:Abe:                   ylämäki
ylämäkine                               :P:Kom:                   ylämäki
ylänkö                                  :S:Nom:                   ylänkö
ylängön                                 :S:Gen:                   ylänkö
ylänköä                                 :S:Par:                   ylänkö
ylängössä                               :S:Ine:                   ylänkö
ylängöstä                               :S:Ela:                   ylänkö
ylänköön                                :S:Ill:                   ylänkö
ylängöllä                               :S:Ade:                   ylänkö
ylängöltä                               :S:Abl:                   ylänkö
ylängölle                               :S:All:                   ylänkö
ylänkönä                                :S:Ess:                   ylänkö
ylängöksi                               :S:Tra:                   ylänkö
ylängöttä                               :S:Abe:                   ylänkö
ylängöt                                 :P:Nom:                   ylänkö
ylänköjen                               :P:Gen:                   ylänkö
ylänköjä                                :P:Par:                   ylänkö
ylängöissä                              :P:Ine:                   ylänkö
ylängöistä                              :P:Ela:                   ylänkö
ylänköihin                              :P:Ill:                   ylänkö
ylängöillä                              :P:Ade:                   ylänkö
ylängöiltä                              :P:Abl:                   ylänkö
ylängöille                              :P:All:                   ylänkö
ylänköinä                               :P:Ess:                   ylänkö
ylängöiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ylänkö
ylängöin                                :P:Ins:                   ylänkö
ylängöittä                              :P:Abe:                   ylänkö
ylänköine                               :P:Kom:                   ylänkö
ylänne                                  :S:Nom:                   ylänne
ylänteen                                :S:Gen:                   ylänne
ylännettä                               :S:Par:                   ylänne
ylänteessä                              :S:Ine:                   ylänne
ylänteestä                              :S:Ela:                   ylänne
ylänteeseen                             :S:Ill:                   ylänne
ylänteellä                              :S:Ade:                   ylänne
ylänteeltä                              :S:Abl:                   ylänne
ylänteelle                              :S:All:                   ylänne
ylänteenä                               :S:Ess:                   ylänne
ylänteeksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylänne
ylänteettä                              :S:Abe:                   ylänne
ylänteet                                :P:Nom:                   ylänne
ylänteiden                              :P:Gen:                   ylänne
ylänneitten                             :P:Gen:                   ylänne
ylänteitä                               :P:Par:                   ylänne
ylänteissä                              :P:Ine:                   ylänne
ylänteistä                              :P:Ela:                   ylänne
ylänteisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylänne
ylänteihin                              :P:Ill:                   ylänne
ylänteillä                              :P:Ade:                   ylänne
ylänteiltä                              :P:Abl:                   ylänne
ylänteille                              :P:All:                   ylänne
ylänteinä                               :P:Ess:                   ylänne
ylänteiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ylänne
yläntein                                :P:Ins:                   ylänne
ylänteittä                              :P:Abe:                   ylänne
ylänteine                               :P:Kom:                   ylänne
ylänurkka                               :S:Nom:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkan                               :S:Gen:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkaa                              :S:Par:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkassa                             :S:Ine:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkasta                             :S:Ela:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkaan                             :S:Ill:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkalla                             :S:Ade:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkalta                             :S:Abl:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkalle                             :S:All:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkana                             :S:Ess:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkatta                             :S:Abe:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkat                               :P:Nom:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkien                             :P:Gen:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkain                             :P:Gen:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkia                              :P:Par:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkista                             :P:Ela:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkille                             :P:All:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkina                             :P:Ess:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkin                               :P:Ins:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkitta                             :P:Abe:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkine                             :P:Kom:                   ylänurkka
ylänurkkalaukaus                        :S:Nom:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksen                     :S:Gen:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukausta                      :S:Par:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksessa                   :S:Ine:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksesta                   :S:Ela:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukaukseen                    :S:Ill:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksella                   :S:Ade:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukaukselta                   :S:Abl:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukaukselle                   :S:All:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksena                    :S:Ess:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukaukseksi                   :S:Tra:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksetta                   :S:Abe:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukaukset                     :P:Nom:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukausten                     :P:Gen:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksien                    :P:Gen:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksia                     :P:Par:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksissa                   :P:Ine:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksista                   :P:Ela:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksiin                    :P:Ill:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksilla                   :P:Ade:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksilta                   :P:Abl:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksille                   :P:All:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksina                    :P:Ess:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksin                     :P:Ins:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksitta                   :P:Abe:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
ylänurkkalaukauksine                    :P:Kom:                   ylänurkkalaukaus
yläoksa                                 :S:Nom:                   yläoksa
yläoksan                                :S:Gen:                   yläoksa
yläoksaa                                :S:Par:                   yläoksa
yläoksassa                              :S:Ine:                   yläoksa
yläoksasta                              :S:Ela:                   yläoksa
yläoksaan                               :S:Ill:                   yläoksa
yläoksalla                              :S:Ade:                   yläoksa
yläoksalta                              :S:Abl:                   yläoksa
yläoksalle                              :S:All:                   yläoksa
yläoksana                               :S:Ess:                   yläoksa
yläoksaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yläoksa
yläoksatta                              :S:Abe:                   yläoksa
yläoksat                                :P:Nom:                   yläoksa
yläoksien                               :P:Gen:                   yläoksa
yläoksain                               :P:Gen:                   yläoksa
yläoksia                                :P:Par:                   yläoksa
yläoksissa                              :P:Ine:                   yläoksa
yläoksista                              :P:Ela:                   yläoksa
yläoksiin                               :P:Ill:                   yläoksa
yläoksilla                              :P:Ade:                   yläoksa
yläoksilta                              :P:Abl:                   yläoksa
yläoksille                              :P:All:                   yläoksa
yläoksina                               :P:Ess:                   yläoksa
yläoksiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yläoksa
yläoksin                                :P:Ins:                   yläoksa
yläoksitta                              :P:Abe:                   yläoksa
yläoksine                               :P:Kom:                   yläoksa
yläosa                                  :S:Nom:                   yläosa
yläosan                                 :S:Gen:                   yläosa
yläosaa                                 :S:Par:                   yläosa
yläosassa                               :S:Ine:                   yläosa
yläosasta                               :S:Ela:                   yläosa
yläosaan                                :S:Ill:                   yläosa
yläosalla                               :S:Ade:                   yläosa
yläosalta                               :S:Abl:                   yläosa
yläosalle                               :S:All:                   yläosa
yläosana                                :S:Ess:                   yläosa
yläosaksi                               :S:Tra:                   yläosa
yläosatta                               :S:Abe:                   yläosa
yläosat                                 :P:Nom:                   yläosa
yläosien                                :P:Gen:                   yläosa
yläosain                                :P:Gen:                   yläosa
yläosia                                 :P:Par:                   yläosa
yläosissa                               :P:Ine:                   yläosa
yläosista                               :P:Ela:                   yläosa
yläosiin                                :P:Ill:                   yläosa
yläosilla                               :P:Ade:                   yläosa
yläosilta                               :P:Abl:                   yläosa
yläosille                               :P:All:                   yläosa
yläosina                                :P:Ess:                   yläosa
yläosiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yläosa
yläosin                                 :P:Ins:                   yläosa
yläositta                               :P:Abe:                   yläosa
yläosine                                :P:Kom:                   yläosa
yläosaton                               :S:Nom:                   yläosaton
yläosattoman                            :S:Gen:                   yläosaton
yläosatonta                             :S:Par:                   yläosaton
yläosattomassa                          :S:Ine:                   yläosaton
yläosattomasta                          :S:Ela:                   yläosaton
yläosattomaan                           :S:Ill:                   yläosaton
yläosattomalla                          :S:Ade:                   yläosaton
yläosattomalta                          :S:Abl:                   yläosaton
yläosattomalle                          :S:All:                   yläosaton
yläosattomana                           :S:Ess:                   yläosaton
yläosattomaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yläosaton
yläosattomatta                          :S:Abe:                   yläosaton
yläosattomat                            :P:Nom:                   yläosaton
yläosattomien                           :P:Gen:                   yläosaton
yläosatonten                            :P:Gen:                   yläosaton
yläosattomia                            :P:Par:                   yläosaton
yläosattomissa                          :P:Ine:                   yläosaton
yläosattomista                          :P:Ela:                   yläosaton
yläosattomiin                           :P:Ill:                   yläosaton
yläosattomilla                          :P:Ade:                   yläosaton
yläosattomilta                          :P:Abl:                   yläosaton
yläosattomille                          :P:All:                   yläosaton
yläosattomina                           :P:Ess:                   yläosaton
yläosattomiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yläosaton
yläosattomin                            :P:Ins:                   yläosaton
yläosattomitta                          :P:Abe:                   yläosaton
yläosattomine                           :P:Kom:                   yläosaton
yläpeti                                 :S:Nom:                   yläpeti
yläpedin                                :S:Gen:                   yläpeti
yläpetiä                                :S:Par:                   yläpeti
yläpedissä                              :S:Ine:                   yläpeti
yläpedistä                              :S:Ela:                   yläpeti
yläpetiin                               :S:Ill:                   yläpeti
yläpedillä                              :S:Ade:                   yläpeti
yläpediltä                              :S:Abl:                   yläpeti
yläpedille                              :S:All:                   yläpeti
yläpetinä                               :S:Ess:                   yläpeti
yläpediksi                              :S:Tra:                   yläpeti
yläpedittä                              :S:Abe:                   yläpeti
yläpedit                                :P:Nom:                   yläpeti
yläpetien                               :P:Gen:                   yläpeti
yläpetejä                               :P:Par:                   yläpeti
yläpedeissä                             :P:Ine:                   yläpeti
yläpedeistä                             :P:Ela:                   yläpeti
yläpeteihin                             :P:Ill:                   yläpeti
yläpedeillä                             :P:Ade:                   yläpeti
yläpedeiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yläpeti
yläpedeille                             :P:All:                   yläpeti
yläpeteinä                              :P:Ess:                   yläpeti
yläpedeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläpeti
yläpedein                               :P:Ins:                   yläpeti
yläpedeittä                             :P:Abe:                   yläpeti
yläpeteine                              :P:Kom:                   yläpeti
yläpilvi                                :S:Nom:                   yläpilvi
yläpilven                               :S:Gen:                   yläpilvi
yläpilveä                               :S:Par:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvessä                             :S:Ine:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvestä                             :S:Ela:                   yläpilvi
yläpilveen                              :S:Ill:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvellä                             :S:Ade:                   yläpilvi
yläpilveltä                             :S:Abl:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvelle                             :S:All:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvenä                              :S:Ess:                   yläpilvi
yläpilveksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvettä                             :S:Abe:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvet                               :P:Nom:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvien                              :P:Gen:                   yläpilvi
yläpilviä                               :P:Par:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvissä                             :P:Ine:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvistä                             :P:Ela:                   yläpilvi
yläpilviin                              :P:Ill:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvillä                             :P:Ade:                   yläpilvi
yläpilviltä                             :P:Abl:                   yläpilvi
yläpilville                             :P:All:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvinä                              :P:Ess:                   yläpilvi
yläpilviksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvin                               :P:Ins:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvittä                             :P:Abe:                   yläpilvi
yläpilvine                              :P:Kom:                   yläpilvi
yläpinta                                :S:Nom:                   yläpinta
yläpinnan                               :S:Gen:                   yläpinta
yläpintaa                               :S:Par:                   yläpinta
yläpinnassa                             :S:Ine:                   yläpinta
yläpinnasta                             :S:Ela:                   yläpinta
yläpintaan                              :S:Ill:                   yläpinta
yläpinnalla                             :S:Ade:                   yläpinta
yläpinnalta                             :S:Abl:                   yläpinta
yläpinnalle                             :S:All:                   yläpinta
yläpintana                              :S:Ess:                   yläpinta
yläpinnaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläpinta
yläpinnatta                             :S:Abe:                   yläpinta
yläpinnat                               :P:Nom:                   yläpinta
yläpintojen                             :P:Gen:                   yläpinta
yläpintain                              :P:Gen:                   yläpinta
yläpintoja                              :P:Par:                   yläpinta
yläpinnoissa                            :P:Ine:                   yläpinta
yläpinnoista                            :P:Ela:                   yläpinta
yläpintoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yläpinta
yläpinnoilla                            :P:Ade:                   yläpinta
yläpinnoilta                            :P:Abl:                   yläpinta
yläpinnoille                            :P:All:                   yläpinta
yläpintoina                             :P:Ess:                   yläpinta
yläpinnoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yläpinta
yläpinnoin                              :P:Ins:                   yläpinta
yläpinnoitta                            :P:Abe:                   yläpinta
yläpintoine                             :P:Kom:                   yläpinta
yläpohja                                :S:Nom:                   yläpohja
yläpohjan                               :S:Gen:                   yläpohja
yläpohjaa                               :S:Par:                   yläpohja
yläpohjassa                             :S:Ine:                   yläpohja
yläpohjasta                             :S:Ela:                   yläpohja
yläpohjaan                              :S:Ill:                   yläpohja
yläpohjalla                             :S:Ade:                   yläpohja
yläpohjalta                             :S:Abl:                   yläpohja
yläpohjalle                             :S:All:                   yläpohja
yläpohjana                              :S:Ess:                   yläpohja
yläpohjaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläpohja
yläpohjatta                             :S:Abe:                   yläpohja
yläpohjat                               :P:Nom:                   yläpohja
yläpohjien                              :P:Gen:                   yläpohja
yläpohjain                              :P:Gen:                   yläpohja
yläpohjia                               :P:Par:                   yläpohja
yläpohjissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläpohja
yläpohjista                             :P:Ela:                   yläpohja
yläpohjiin                              :P:Ill:                   yläpohja
yläpohjilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläpohja
yläpohjilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläpohja
yläpohjille                             :P:All:                   yläpohja
yläpohjina                              :P:Ess:                   yläpohja
yläpohjiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläpohja
yläpohjin                               :P:Ins:                   yläpohja
yläpohjitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläpohja
yläpohjine                              :P:Kom:                   yläpohja
yläpuoli                                :S:Nom:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolen                               :S:Gen:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolta                               :S:Par:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolessa                             :S:Ine:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolesta                             :S:Ela:                   yläpuoli
yläpuoleen                              :S:Ill:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolella                             :S:Ade:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolelta                             :S:Abl:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolelle                             :S:All:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolena                              :S:Ess:                   yläpuoli
yläpuoleksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläpuoli
yläpuoletta                             :S:Abe:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolet                               :P:Nom:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolten                              :P:Gen:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolien                              :P:Gen:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolia                               :P:Par:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolista                             :P:Ela:                   yläpuoli
yläpuoliin                              :P:Ill:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolille                             :P:All:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolina                              :P:Ess:                   yläpuoli
yläpuoliksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolin                               :P:Ins:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläpuoli
yläpuoline                              :P:Kom:                   yläpuoli
yläpuolinen                             :S:Nom:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisen                             :S:Gen:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolista                             :S:Par:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisessa                           :S:Ine:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisesta                           :S:Ela:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuoliseen                            :S:Ill:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisella                           :S:Ade:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuoliselta                           :S:Abl:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuoliselle                           :S:All:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisena                            :S:Ess:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuoliseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisetta                           :S:Abe:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuoliset                             :P:Nom:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisten                            :P:Gen:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisin                             :P:Gen:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisia                             :P:Par:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisissa                           :P:Ine:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisista                           :P:Ela:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisilla                           :P:Ade:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisilta                           :P:Abl:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisille                           :P:All:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisina                            :P:Ess:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisin                             :P:Ins:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisitta                           :P:Abe:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisine                            :P:Kom:                   yläpuolinen
yläpuolisko                             :S:Nom:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskon                            :S:Gen:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoa                            :S:Par:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskossa                          :S:Ine:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskosta                          :S:Ela:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoon                           :S:Ill:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskolla                          :S:Ade:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskolta                          :S:Abl:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskolle                          :S:All:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskona                           :S:Ess:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoksi                          :S:Tra:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskotta                          :S:Abe:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskot                            :P:Nom:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskojen                          :P:Gen:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoiden                         :P:Gen:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoitten                        :P:Gen:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoja                           :P:Par:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoita                          :P:Par:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoista                         :P:Ela:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoille                         :P:All:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoina                          :P:Ess:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoin                           :P:Ins:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yläpuolisko
yläpuoliskoine                          :P:Kom:                   yläpuolisko
yläpää                                  :S:Nom:                   yläpää
yläpään                                 :S:Gen:                   yläpää
yläpäätä                                :S:Par:                   yläpää
yläpäässä                               :S:Ine:                   yläpää
yläpäästä                               :S:Ela:                   yläpää
yläpäähän                               :S:Ill:                   yläpää
yläpäällä                               :S:Ade:                   yläpää
yläpäältä                               :S:Abl:                   yläpää
yläpäälle                               :S:All:                   yläpää
yläpäänä                                :S:Ess:                   yläpää
yläpääksi                               :S:Tra:                   yläpää
yläpäättä                               :S:Abe:                   yläpää
yläpäät                                 :P:Nom:                   yläpää
yläpäiden                               :P:Gen:                   yläpää
yläpäitten                              :P:Gen:                   yläpää
yläpäitä                                :P:Par:                   yläpää
yläpäissä                               :P:Ine:                   yläpää
yläpäistä                               :P:Ela:                   yläpää
yläpäihin                               :P:Ill:                   yläpää
yläpäillä                               :P:Ade:                   yläpää
yläpäiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yläpää
yläpäille                               :P:All:                   yläpää
yläpäinä                                :P:Ess:                   yläpää
yläpäiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yläpää
yläpäin                                 :P:Ins:                   yläpää
yläpäittä                               :P:Abe:                   yläpää
yläpäine                                :P:Kom:                   yläpää
yläraaja                                :S:Nom:                   yläraaja
yläraajan                               :S:Gen:                   yläraaja
yläraajaa                               :S:Par:                   yläraaja
yläraajassa                             :S:Ine:                   yläraaja
yläraajasta                             :S:Ela:                   yläraaja
yläraajaan                              :S:Ill:                   yläraaja
yläraajalla                             :S:Ade:                   yläraaja
yläraajalta                             :S:Abl:                   yläraaja
yläraajalle                             :S:All:                   yläraaja
yläraajana                              :S:Ess:                   yläraaja
yläraajaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläraaja
yläraajatta                             :S:Abe:                   yläraaja
yläraajat                               :P:Nom:                   yläraaja
yläraajojen                             :P:Gen:                   yläraaja
yläraajain                              :P:Gen:                   yläraaja
yläraajoja                              :P:Par:                   yläraaja
yläraajoissa                            :P:Ine:                   yläraaja
yläraajoista                            :P:Ela:                   yläraaja
yläraajoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yläraaja
yläraajoilla                            :P:Ade:                   yläraaja
yläraajoilta                            :P:Abl:                   yläraaja
yläraajoille                            :P:All:                   yläraaja
yläraajoina                             :P:Ess:                   yläraaja
yläraajoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yläraaja
yläraajoin                              :P:Ins:                   yläraaja
yläraajoitta                            :P:Abe:                   yläraaja
yläraajoine                             :P:Kom:                   yläraaja
yläraja                                 :S:Nom:                   yläraja
ylärajan                                :S:Gen:                   yläraja
ylärajaa                                :S:Par:                   yläraja
ylärajassa                              :S:Ine:                   yläraja
ylärajasta                              :S:Ela:                   yläraja
ylärajaan                               :S:Ill:                   yläraja
ylärajalla                              :S:Ade:                   yläraja
ylärajalta                              :S:Abl:                   yläraja
ylärajalle                              :S:All:                   yläraja
ylärajana                               :S:Ess:                   yläraja
ylärajaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yläraja
ylärajatta                              :S:Abe:                   yläraja
ylärajat                                :P:Nom:                   yläraja
ylärajojen                              :P:Gen:                   yläraja
ylärajain                               :P:Gen:                   yläraja
ylärajoja                               :P:Par:                   yläraja
ylärajoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yläraja
ylärajoista                             :P:Ela:                   yläraja
ylärajoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yläraja
ylärajoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yläraja
ylärajoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yläraja
ylärajoille                             :P:All:                   yläraja
ylärajoina                              :P:Ess:                   yläraja
ylärajoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yläraja
ylärajoin                               :P:Ins:                   yläraja
ylärajoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yläraja
ylärajoine                              :P:Kom:                   yläraja
ylärakenne                              :S:Nom:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteen                            :S:Gen:                   ylärakenne
ylärakennetta                           :S:Par:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteessa                          :S:Ine:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteesta                          :S:Ela:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteella                          :S:Ade:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteelta                          :S:Abl:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteelle                          :S:All:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteena                           :S:Ess:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteetta                          :S:Abe:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteet                            :P:Nom:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteiden                          :P:Gen:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenneitten                         :P:Gen:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteita                           :P:Par:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteista                          :P:Ela:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteille                          :P:All:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteina                           :P:Ess:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylärakenne
ylärakentein                            :P:Ins:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylärakenne
ylärakenteine                           :P:Kom:                   ylärakenne
yläreuna                                :S:Nom:                   yläreuna
yläreunan                               :S:Gen:                   yläreuna
yläreunaa                               :S:Par:                   yläreuna
yläreunassa                             :S:Ine:                   yläreuna
yläreunasta                             :S:Ela:                   yläreuna
yläreunaan                              :S:Ill:                   yläreuna
yläreunalla                             :S:Ade:                   yläreuna
yläreunalta                             :S:Abl:                   yläreuna
yläreunalle                             :S:All:                   yläreuna
yläreunana                              :S:Ess:                   yläreuna
yläreunaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yläreuna
yläreunatta                             :S:Abe:                   yläreuna
yläreunat                               :P:Nom:                   yläreuna
yläreunojen                             :P:Gen:                   yläreuna
yläreunain                              :P:Gen:                   yläreuna
yläreunoja                              :P:Par:                   yläreuna
yläreunoissa                            :P:Ine:                   yläreuna
yläreunoista                            :P:Ela:                   yläreuna
yläreunoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yläreuna
yläreunoilla                            :P:Ade:                   yläreuna
yläreunoilta                            :P:Abl:                   yläreuna
yläreunoille                            :P:All:                   yläreuna
yläreunoina                             :P:Ess:                   yläreuna
yläreunoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yläreuna
yläreunoin                              :P:Ins:                   yläreuna
yläreunoitta                            :P:Abe:                   yläreuna
yläreunoine                             :P:Kom:                   yläreuna
ylärivi                                 :S:Nom:                   ylärivi
ylärivin                                :S:Gen:                   ylärivi
yläriviä                                :S:Par:                   ylärivi
ylärivissä                              :S:Ine:                   ylärivi
ylärivistä                              :S:Ela:                   ylärivi
yläriviin                               :S:Ill:                   ylärivi
ylärivillä                              :S:Ade:                   ylärivi
yläriviltä                              :S:Abl:                   ylärivi
yläriville                              :S:All:                   ylärivi
ylärivinä                               :S:Ess:                   ylärivi
yläriviksi                              :S:Tra:                   ylärivi
ylärivittä                              :S:Abe:                   ylärivi
ylärivit                                :P:Nom:                   ylärivi
ylärivien                               :P:Gen:                   ylärivi
ylärivejä                               :P:Par:                   ylärivi
yläriveissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylärivi
yläriveistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylärivi
yläriveihin                             :P:Ill:                   ylärivi
yläriveillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylärivi
yläriveiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylärivi
yläriveille                             :P:All:                   ylärivi
yläriveinä                              :P:Ess:                   ylärivi
yläriveiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylärivi
ylärivein                               :P:Ins:                   ylärivi
yläriveittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylärivi
yläriveine                              :P:Kom:                   ylärivi
yläruumis                               :S:Nom:                   yläruumis
yläruumian                              :S:Gen:                   yläruumis
yläruumista                             :S:Par:                   yläruumis
yläruumiassa                            :S:Ine:                   yläruumis
yläruumiasta                            :S:Ela:                   yläruumis
yläruumiaseen                           :S:Ill:                   yläruumis
yläruumialla                            :S:Ade:                   yläruumis
yläruumialta                            :S:Abl:                   yläruumis
yläruumialle                            :S:All:                   yläruumis
yläruumiana                             :S:Ess:                   yläruumis
yläruumiaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yläruumis
yläruumiatta                            :S:Abe:                   yläruumis
yläruumiat                              :P:Nom:                   yläruumis
yläruumiiden                            :P:Gen:                   yläruumis
yläruumiitten                           :P:Gen:                   yläruumis
yläruumiita                             :P:Par:                   yläruumis
yläruumiissa                            :P:Ine:                   yläruumis
yläruumiista                            :P:Ela:                   yläruumis
yläruumiisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yläruumis
yläruumiilla                            :P:Ade:                   yläruumis
yläruumiilta                            :P:Abl:                   yläruumis
yläruumiille                            :P:All:                   yläruumis
yläruumiina                             :P:Ess:                   yläruumis
yläruumiiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yläruumis
yläruumiin                              :P:Ins:                   yläruumis
yläruumiitta                            :P:Abe:                   yläruumis
yläruumiine                             :P:Kom:                   yläruumis
yläsävel                                :S:Nom:                   yläsävel
yläsävelen                              :S:Gen:                   yläsävel
yläsäveltä                              :S:Par:                   yläsävel
yläsävelessä                            :S:Ine:                   yläsävel
yläsävelestä                            :S:Ela:                   yläsävel
yläsäveleen                             :S:Ill:                   yläsävel
yläsävelellä                            :S:Ade:                   yläsävel
yläsäveleltä                            :S:Abl:                   yläsävel
yläsävelelle                            :S:All:                   yläsävel
yläsävelenä                             :S:Ess:                   yläsävel
yläsäveleksi                            :S:Tra:                   yläsävel
yläsävelettä                            :S:Abe:                   yläsävel
yläsävelet                              :P:Nom:                   yläsävel
yläsävelien                             :P:Gen:                   yläsävel
yläsävelten                             :P:Gen:                   yläsävel
yläsäveliä                              :P:Par:                   yläsävel
yläsävelissä                            :P:Ine:                   yläsävel
yläsävelistä                            :P:Ela:                   yläsävel
yläsäveliin                             :P:Ill:                   yläsävel
yläsävelillä                            :P:Ade:                   yläsävel
yläsäveliltä                            :P:Abl:                   yläsävel
yläsävelille                            :P:All:                   yläsävel
yläsävelinä                             :P:Ess:                   yläsävel
yläsäveliksi                            :P:Tra:                   yläsävel
yläsävelin                              :P:Ins:                   yläsävel
yläsävelittä                            :P:Abe:                   yläsävel
yläsäveline                             :P:Kom:                   yläsävel
ylätasanko                              :S:Nom:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangon                             :S:Gen:                   ylätasanko
ylätasankoa                             :S:Par:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangossa                           :S:Ine:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangosta                           :S:Ela:                   ylätasanko
ylätasankoon                            :S:Ill:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangolla                           :S:Ade:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangolta                           :S:Abl:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangolle                           :S:All:                   ylätasanko
ylätasankona                            :S:Ess:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangotta                           :S:Abe:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangot                             :P:Nom:                   ylätasanko
ylätasankojen                           :P:Gen:                   ylätasanko
ylätasankoja                            :P:Par:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoissa                          :P:Ine:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoista                          :P:Ela:                   ylätasanko
ylätasankoihin                          :P:Ill:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoilla                          :P:Ade:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoilta                          :P:Abl:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoille                          :P:All:                   ylätasanko
ylätasankoina                           :P:Ess:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoin                            :P:Ins:                   ylätasanko
ylätasangoitta                          :P:Abe:                   ylätasanko
ylätasankoine                           :P:Kom:                   ylätasanko
ylätuuli                                :S:Nom:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulen                               :S:Gen:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulta                               :S:Par:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulessa                             :S:Ine:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulesta                             :S:Ela:                   ylätuuli
ylätuuleen                              :S:Ill:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulella                             :S:Ade:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulelta                             :S:Abl:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulelle                             :S:All:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulena                              :S:Ess:                   ylätuuli
ylätuuleksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylätuuli
ylätuuletta                             :S:Abe:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulet                               :P:Nom:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulten                              :P:Gen:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulien                              :P:Gen:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulia                               :P:Par:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulissa                             :P:Ine:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulista                             :P:Ela:                   ylätuuli
ylätuuliin                              :P:Ill:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulilla                             :P:Ade:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulilta                             :P:Abl:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulille                             :P:All:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulina                              :P:Ess:                   ylätuuli
ylätuuliksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulin                               :P:Ins:                   ylätuuli
ylätuulitta                             :P:Abe:                   ylätuuli
ylätuuline                              :P:Kom:                   ylätuuli
ylätyyli                                :S:Nom:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylin                               :S:Gen:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyliä                               :S:Par:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylissä                             :S:Ine:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylistä                             :S:Ela:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyliin                              :S:Ill:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylillä                             :S:Ade:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyliltä                             :S:Abl:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylille                             :S:All:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylinä                              :S:Ess:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyliksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylittä                             :S:Abe:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylit                               :P:Nom:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylien                              :P:Gen:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylejä                              :P:Par:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleille                            :P:All:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylein                              :P:Ins:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylätyyli
ylätyyleine                             :P:Kom:                   ylätyyli
ylätyylinen                             :S:Nom:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisen                             :S:Gen:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylistä                             :S:Par:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisessä                           :S:Ine:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisestä                           :S:Ela:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyyliseen                            :S:Ill:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisellä                           :S:Ade:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyyliseltä                           :S:Abl:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyyliselle                           :S:All:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisenä                            :S:Ess:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyyliseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisettä                           :S:Abe:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyyliset                             :P:Nom:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisten                            :P:Gen:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisin                             :P:Gen:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisiä                             :P:Par:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisissä                           :P:Ine:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisistä                           :P:Ela:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisillä                           :P:Ade:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisille                           :P:All:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisinä                            :P:Ess:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisin                             :P:Ins:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisittä                           :P:Abe:                   ylätyylinen
ylätyylisine                            :P:Kom:                   ylätyylinen
ylävatsa                                :S:Nom:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsan                               :S:Gen:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsaa                               :S:Par:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsassa                             :S:Ine:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsasta                             :S:Ela:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsaan                              :S:Ill:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsalla                             :S:Ade:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsalta                             :S:Abl:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsalle                             :S:All:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsana                              :S:Ess:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsaksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsatta                             :S:Abe:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsat                               :P:Nom:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsain                              :P:Gen:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoja                              :P:Par:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoille                            :P:All:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylävatsa
ylävatsoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylävatsa
ylävirta                                :S:Nom:                   ylävirta
ylävirran                               :S:Gen:                   ylävirta
ylävirtaa                               :S:Par:                   ylävirta
ylävirrassa                             :S:Ine:                   ylävirta
ylävirrasta                             :S:Ela:                   ylävirta
ylävirtaan                              :S:Ill:                   ylävirta
ylävirralla                             :S:Ade:                   ylävirta
ylävirralta                             :S:Abl:                   ylävirta
ylävirralle                             :S:All:                   ylävirta
ylävirtana                              :S:Ess:                   ylävirta
ylävirraksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylävirta
ylävirratta                             :S:Abe:                   ylävirta
ylävirrat                               :P:Nom:                   ylävirta
ylävirtojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylävirta
ylävirtain                              :P:Gen:                   ylävirta
ylävirtoja                              :P:Par:                   ylävirta
ylävirroissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylävirta
ylävirroista                            :P:Ela:                   ylävirta
ylävirtoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylävirta
ylävirroilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylävirta
ylävirroilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylävirta
ylävirroille                            :P:All:                   ylävirta
ylävirtoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylävirta
ylävirroiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylävirta
ylävirroin                              :P:Ins:                   ylävirta
ylävirroitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylävirta
ylävirtoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylävirta
ylävä                                   :S:Nom:                   ylävä
ylävän                                  :S:Gen:                   ylävä
ylävää                                  :S:Par:                   ylävä
ylävässä                                :S:Ine:                   ylävä
ylävästä                                :S:Ela:                   ylävä
ylävään                                 :S:Ill:                   ylävä
ylävällä                                :S:Ade:                   ylävä
ylävältä                                :S:Abl:                   ylävä
ylävälle                                :S:All:                   ylävä
ylävänä                                 :S:Ess:                   ylävä
yläväksi                                :S:Tra:                   ylävä
ylävättä                                :S:Abe:                   ylävä
ylävät                                  :P:Nom:                   ylävä
ylävien                                 :P:Gen:                   ylävä
yläväin                                 :P:Gen:                   ylävä
yläviä                                  :P:Par:                   ylävä
ylävissä                                :P:Ine:                   ylävä
ylävistä                                :P:Ela:                   ylävä
yläviin                                 :P:Ill:                   ylävä
ylävillä                                :P:Ade:                   ylävä
yläviltä                                :P:Abl:                   ylävä
yläville                                :P:All:                   ylävä
ylävinä                                 :P:Ess:                   ylävä
yläviksi                                :P:Tra:                   ylävä
ylävin                                  :P:Ins:                   ylävä
ylävittä                                :P:Abe:                   ylävä
ylävine                                 :P:Kom:                   ylävä
ylä-ääni                                :S:Nom:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänen                               :S:Gen:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääntä                               :S:Par:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänessä                             :S:Ine:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänestä                             :S:Ela:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääneen                              :S:Ill:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänellä                             :S:Ade:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääneltä                             :S:Abl:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänelle                             :S:All:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänenä                              :S:Ess:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääneksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänettä                             :S:Abe:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänet                               :P:Nom:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänten                              :P:Gen:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänien                              :P:Gen:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääniä                               :P:Par:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänissä                             :P:Ine:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänistä                             :P:Ela:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääniin                              :P:Ill:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänillä                             :P:Ade:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääniltä                             :P:Abl:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänille                             :P:All:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääninä                              :P:Ess:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-ääniksi                             :P:Tra:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänin                               :P:Ins:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänittä                             :P:Abe:                   ylä-ääni
ylä-äänine                              :P:Kom:                   ylä-ääni
ylösalainen                             :S:Nom:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisen                             :S:Gen:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaista                             :S:Par:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisessa                           :S:Ine:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisesta                           :S:Ela:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaiseen                            :S:Ill:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisella                           :S:Ade:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaiselta                           :S:Abl:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaiselle                           :S:All:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisena                            :S:Ess:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisetta                           :S:Abe:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaiset                             :P:Nom:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisten                            :P:Gen:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisin                             :P:Gen:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisia                             :P:Par:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisista                           :P:Ela:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisille                           :P:All:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisina                            :P:Ess:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisin                             :P:Ins:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylösalainen
ylösalaisine                            :P:Kom:                   ylösalainen
ylösnouseminen                          :S:Nom:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisen                          :S:Gen:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemista                          :S:Par:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisessa                        :S:Ine:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisesta                        :S:Ela:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemiseen                         :S:Ill:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisella                        :S:Ade:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemiselta                        :S:Abl:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemiselle                        :S:All:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisena                         :S:Ess:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisetta                        :S:Abe:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemiset                          :P:Nom:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisten                         :P:Gen:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisin                          :P:Gen:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisia                          :P:Par:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisissa                        :P:Ine:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisista                        :P:Ela:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisilla                        :P:Ade:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisilta                        :P:Abl:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisille                        :P:All:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisina                         :P:Ess:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisin                          :P:Ins:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisitta                        :P:Abe:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemisine                         :P:Kom:                   ylösnouseminen
ylösnousemus                            :S:Nom:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksen                         :S:Gen:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemusta                          :S:Par:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemukseen                        :S:Ill:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksella                       :S:Ade:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemukselta                       :S:Abl:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemukselle                       :S:All:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksena                        :S:Ess:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemukset                         :P:Nom:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemusten                         :P:Gen:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksien                        :P:Gen:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksia                         :P:Par:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksista                       :P:Ela:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksille                       :P:All:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksina                        :P:Ess:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksin                         :P:Ins:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemuksine                        :P:Kom:                   ylösnousemus
ylösnousemususko                        :S:Nom:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkon                       :S:Gen:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoa                       :S:Par:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkossa                     :S:Ine:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkosta                     :S:Ela:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoon                      :S:Ill:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkolla                     :S:Ade:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkolta                     :S:Abl:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkolle                     :S:All:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkona                      :S:Ess:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoksi                     :S:Tra:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkotta                     :S:Abe:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkot                       :P:Nom:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkojen                     :P:Gen:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoja                      :P:Par:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoissa                    :P:Ine:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoista                    :P:Ela:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoihin                    :P:Ill:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoilla                    :P:Ade:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoilta                    :P:Abl:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoille                    :P:All:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoina                     :P:Ess:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoin                      :P:Ins:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoitta                    :P:Abe:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousemususkoine                     :P:Kom:                   ylösnousemususko
ylösnousu                               :S:Nom:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousun                              :S:Gen:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousua                              :S:Par:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousussa                            :S:Ine:                   ylösnousu
ylösnoususta                            :S:Ela:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuun                             :S:Ill:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousulla                            :S:Ade:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousulta                            :S:Abl:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousulle                            :S:All:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuna                             :S:Ess:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousutta                            :S:Abe:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousut                              :P:Nom:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousujen                            :P:Gen:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuja                             :P:Par:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuista                           :P:Ela:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuihin                           :P:Ill:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuille                           :P:All:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuina                            :P:Ess:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuin                             :P:Ins:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylösnousu
ylösnousuine                            :P:Kom:                   ylösnousu
ylösotettu                              :S:Nom:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetun                              :S:Gen:                   ylösotettu
ylösotettua                             :S:Par:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetussa                            :S:Ine:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetusta                            :S:Ela:                   ylösotettu
ylösotettuun                            :S:Ill:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetulla                            :S:Ade:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetulta                            :S:Abl:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetulle                            :S:All:                   ylösotettu
ylösotettuna                            :S:Ess:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetutta                            :S:Abe:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetut                              :P:Nom:                   ylösotettu
ylösotettujen                           :P:Gen:                   ylösotettu
ylösotettuja                            :P:Par:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuissa                           :P:Ine:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuista                           :P:Ela:                   ylösotettu
ylösotettuihin                          :P:Ill:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuilla                           :P:Ade:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuilta                           :P:Abl:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuille                           :P:All:                   ylösotettu
ylösotettuina                           :P:Ess:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuin                             :P:Ins:                   ylösotettu
ylösotetuitta                           :P:Abe:                   ylösotettu
ylösotettuine                           :P:Kom:                   ylösotettu
ylöspito                                :S:Nom:                   ylöspito
ylöspidon                               :S:Gen:                   ylöspito
ylöspitoa                               :S:Par:                   ylöspito
ylöspidossa                             :S:Ine:                   ylöspito
ylöspidosta                             :S:Ela:                   ylöspito
ylöspitoon                              :S:Ill:                   ylöspito
ylöspidolla                             :S:Ade:                   ylöspito
ylöspidolta                             :S:Abl:                   ylöspito
ylöspidolle                             :S:All:                   ylöspito
ylöspitona                              :S:Ess:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoksi                             :S:Tra:                   ylöspito
ylöspidotta                             :S:Abe:                   ylöspito
ylöspidot                               :P:Nom:                   ylöspito
ylöspitojen                             :P:Gen:                   ylöspito
ylöspitoja                              :P:Par:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoissa                            :P:Ine:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoista                            :P:Ela:                   ylöspito
ylöspitoihin                            :P:Ill:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoilla                            :P:Ade:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoilta                            :P:Abl:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoille                            :P:All:                   ylöspito
ylöspitoina                             :P:Ess:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoin                              :P:Ins:                   ylöspito
ylöspidoitta                            :P:Abe:                   ylöspito
ylöspitoine                             :P:Kom:                   ylöspito
ylöspäinen                              :S:Nom:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisen                              :S:Gen:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäistä                              :S:Par:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisessä                            :S:Ine:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisestä                            :S:Ela:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäiseen                             :S:Ill:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisellä                            :S:Ade:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäiselle                            :S:All:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisenä                             :S:Ess:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisettä                            :S:Abe:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäiset                              :P:Nom:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisten                             :P:Gen:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisin                              :P:Gen:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisiä                              :P:Par:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisissä                            :P:Ine:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisistä                            :P:Ela:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisillä                            :P:Ade:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisille                            :P:All:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisinä                             :P:Ess:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisin                              :P:Ins:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisittä                            :P:Abe:                   ylöspäinen
ylöspäisine                             :P:Kom:                   ylöspäinen
ymmyrkäinen                             :S:Nom:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisen                             :S:Gen:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäistä                             :S:Par:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisessä                           :S:Ine:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisestä                           :S:Ela:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäiseen                            :S:Ill:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisellä                           :S:Ade:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäiselle                           :S:All:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisenä                            :S:Ess:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisettä                           :S:Abe:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäiset                             :P:Nom:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisten                            :P:Gen:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisin                             :P:Gen:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisiä                             :P:Par:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisissä                           :P:Ine:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisistä                           :P:Ela:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisillä                           :P:Ade:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisille                           :P:All:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisinä                            :P:Ess:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisin                             :P:Ins:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisittä                           :P:Abe:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmyrkäisine                            :P:Kom:                   ymmyrkäinen
ymmärrettävyys                          :S:Nom:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyden                        :S:Gen:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyttä                        :S:Par:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyydessä                      :S:Ine:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyydestä                      :S:Ela:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyteen                       :S:Ill:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyydellä                      :S:Ade:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyydeltä                      :S:Abl:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyydelle                      :S:All:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyytenä                       :S:Ess:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyydeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyttä                        :S:Abe:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyydet                        :P:Nom:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksien                      :P:Gen:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksiä                       :P:Par:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksille                     :P:All:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksin                       :P:Ins:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävyyksine                      :P:Kom:                   ymmärrettävyys
ymmärrettävä                            :S:Nom:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävän                           :S:Gen:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävää                           :S:Par:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävässä                         :S:Ine:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävästä                         :S:Ela:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävään                          :S:Ill:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävällä                         :S:Ade:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävältä                         :S:Abl:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävälle                         :S:All:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävänä                          :S:Ess:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettäväksi                         :S:Tra:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävättä                         :S:Abe:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävät                           :P:Nom:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävien                          :P:Gen:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettäväin                          :P:Gen:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettäviä                           :P:Par:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävissä                         :P:Ine:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävistä                         :P:Ela:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettäviin                          :P:Ill:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävillä                         :P:Ade:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettäviltä                         :P:Abl:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettäville                         :P:All:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävinä                          :P:Ess:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettäviksi                         :P:Tra:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävin                           :P:Ins:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävittä                         :P:Abe:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärrettävine                          :P:Kom:                   ymmärrettävä
ymmärryksellinen                        :S:Nom:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisen                        :S:Gen:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellistä                        :S:Par:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisessä                      :S:Ine:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisestä                      :S:Ela:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärrykselliseen                       :S:Ill:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisellä                      :S:Ade:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärrykselliseltä                      :S:Abl:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärrykselliselle                      :S:All:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisenä                       :S:Ess:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärrykselliseksi                      :S:Tra:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisettä                      :S:Abe:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärrykselliset                        :P:Nom:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisten                       :P:Gen:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisin                        :P:Gen:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisiä                        :P:Par:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisissä                      :P:Ine:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisistä                      :P:Ela:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisillä                      :P:Ade:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisille                      :P:All:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisinä                       :P:Ess:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisin                        :P:Ins:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisittä                      :P:Abe:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärryksellisine                       :P:Kom:                   ymmärryksellinen
ymmärrys                                :S:Nom:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksen                             :S:Gen:                   ymmärrys
ymmärrystä                              :S:Par:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksessä                           :S:Ine:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksestä                           :S:Ela:                   ymmärrys
ymmärrykseen                            :S:Ill:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksellä                           :S:Ade:                   ymmärrys
ymmärrykseltä                           :S:Abl:                   ymmärrys
ymmärrykselle                           :S:All:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksenä                            :S:Ess:                   ymmärrys
ymmärrykseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksettä                           :S:Abe:                   ymmärrys
ymmärrykset                             :P:Nom:                   ymmärrys
ymmärrysten                             :P:Gen:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksien                            :P:Gen:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksiä                             :P:Par:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksissä                           :P:Ine:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksistä                           :P:Ela:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksiin                            :P:Ill:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksillä                           :P:Ade:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksille                           :P:All:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksinä                            :P:Ess:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksin                             :P:Ins:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksittä                           :P:Abe:                   ymmärrys
ymmärryksine                            :P:Kom:                   ymmärrys
ymmärtämys                              :S:Nom:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksen                           :S:Gen:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämystä                            :S:Par:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksessä                         :S:Ine:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksestä                         :S:Ela:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämykseen                          :S:Ill:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksellä                         :S:Ade:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämykseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämykselle                         :S:All:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksenä                          :S:Ess:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämykseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksettä                         :S:Abe:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämykset                           :P:Nom:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämysten                           :P:Gen:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksien                          :P:Gen:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksiä                           :P:Par:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksissä                         :P:Ine:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksistä                         :P:Ela:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksillä                         :P:Ade:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksille                         :P:All:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksinä                          :P:Ess:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksin                           :P:Ins:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksittä                         :P:Abe:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämyksine                          :P:Kom:                   ymmärtämys
ymmärtämättömyys                        :S:Nom:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyden                      :S:Gen:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyttä                      :S:Par:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyydessä                    :S:Ine:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyydestä                    :S:Ela:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyteen                     :S:Ill:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyydellä                    :S:Ade:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyydeltä                    :S:Abl:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyydelle                    :S:All:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyytenä                     :S:Ess:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyydeksi                    :S:Tra:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyttä                      :S:Abe:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyydet                      :P:Nom:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksien                    :P:Gen:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksiä                     :P:Par:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksissä                   :P:Ine:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksistä                   :P:Ela:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksiin                    :P:Ill:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksillä                   :P:Ade:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksiltä                   :P:Abl:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksille                   :P:All:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksinä                    :P:Ess:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksin                     :P:Ins:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksittä                   :P:Abe:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämättömyyksine                    :P:Kom:                   ymmärtämättömyys
ymmärtämätön                            :S:Nom:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömän                         :S:Gen:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämätöntä                          :S:Par:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömässä                       :S:Ine:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömästä                       :S:Ela:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömään                        :S:Ill:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömällä                       :S:Ade:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömältä                       :S:Abl:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömälle                       :S:All:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömänä                        :S:Ess:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömäksi                       :S:Tra:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömättä                       :S:Abe:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömät                         :P:Nom:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömien                        :P:Gen:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämätönten                         :P:Gen:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömiä                         :P:Par:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömissä                       :P:Ine:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömistä                       :P:Ela:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömiin                        :P:Ill:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömillä                       :P:Ade:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömiltä                       :P:Abl:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömille                       :P:All:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättöminä                        :P:Ess:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömin                         :P:Ins:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömittä                       :P:Abe:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtämättömine                        :P:Kom:                   ymmärtämätön
ymmärtävä                               :S:Nom:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävän                              :S:Gen:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävää                              :S:Par:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävässä                            :S:Ine:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävästä                            :S:Ela:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävään                             :S:Ill:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävällä                            :S:Ade:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävältä                            :S:Abl:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävälle                            :S:All:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävänä                             :S:Ess:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtäväksi                            :S:Tra:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävättä                            :S:Abe:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävät                              :P:Nom:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävien                             :P:Gen:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtäväin                             :P:Gen:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtäviä                              :P:Par:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävissä                            :P:Ine:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävistä                            :P:Ela:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtäviin                             :P:Ill:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävillä                            :P:Ade:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtäviltä                            :P:Abl:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtäville                            :P:All:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävinä                             :P:Ess:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtäviksi                            :P:Tra:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävin                              :P:Ins:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävittä                            :P:Abe:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtävine                             :P:Kom:                   ymmärtävä
ymmärtäväinen                           :S:Nom:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisen                           :S:Gen:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväistä                           :S:Par:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisessä                         :S:Ine:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisestä                         :S:Ela:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväiseen                          :S:Ill:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisellä                         :S:Ade:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväiseltä                         :S:Abl:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväiselle                         :S:All:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisenä                          :S:Ess:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväiseksi                         :S:Tra:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisettä                         :S:Abe:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväiset                           :P:Nom:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisten                          :P:Gen:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisin                           :P:Gen:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisiä                           :P:Par:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisissä                         :P:Ine:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisistä                         :P:Ela:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisiin                          :P:Ill:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisillä                         :P:Ade:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisille                         :P:All:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisinä                          :P:Ess:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisin                           :P:Ins:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisittä                         :P:Abe:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisine                          :P:Kom:                   ymmärtäväinen
ymmärtäväisyys                          :S:Nom:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyden                        :S:Gen:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyttä                        :S:Par:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyydessä                      :S:Ine:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyydestä                      :S:Ela:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyteen                       :S:Ill:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyydellä                      :S:Ade:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyydeltä                      :S:Abl:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyydelle                      :S:All:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyytenä                       :S:Ess:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyydeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyttä                        :S:Abe:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyydet                        :P:Nom:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksien                      :P:Gen:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksiä                       :P:Par:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksille                     :P:All:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksin                       :P:Ins:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärtäväisyyksine                      :P:Kom:                   ymmärtäväisyys
ymmärrän                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ymmärtää
ymmärrät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärrämme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärrätte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärretään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärrä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärrä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärrä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärrä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärrä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärrä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärretä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymmärsin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ymmärtää
ymmärsit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärsi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärsimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärsitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärsivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärrettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymmärtänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärrettäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärrettäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymmärtäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärrettäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärrettäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymmärrä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärrettäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärrä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärrettäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtää                                :Inf1:                    ymmärtää
ymmärtääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  ymmärtää
ymmärtäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ymmärtää
ymmärrettäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ymmärtää
ymmärtäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ymmärtää
ymmärtämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ymmärtää
ymmärtämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ymmärtää
ymmärtämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ymmärtää
ymmärtämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ymmärtää
ymmärtämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ymmärtää
ymmärtämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ymmärtää
ymmärrettämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ymmärtää
ymmärtäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ymmärtää
ymmärtämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                ymmärtää
ymmärtämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    ymmärtää
ymmärtävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ymmärtää
ymmärrettävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtämä                               :Cip:Age:                 ymmärtää
ymmärtämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             ymmärtää
ymmärtänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärtäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ymmärtää
ymmärretty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ymmärtää
ymppäys                                 :S:Nom:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksen                              :S:Gen:                   ymppäys
ymppäystä                               :S:Par:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksessä                            :S:Ine:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksestä                            :S:Ela:                   ymppäys
ymppäykseen                             :S:Ill:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksellä                            :S:Ade:                   ymppäys
ymppäykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ymppäys
ymppäykselle                            :S:All:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksenä                             :S:Ess:                   ymppäys
ymppäykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksettä                            :S:Abe:                   ymppäys
ymppäykset                              :P:Nom:                   ymppäys
ymppäysten                              :P:Gen:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksien                             :P:Gen:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksiä                              :P:Par:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksille                            :P:All:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksin                              :P:Ins:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   ymppäys
ymppäyksine                             :P:Kom:                   ymppäys
ympyriäinen                             :S:Nom:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisen                             :S:Gen:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäistä                             :S:Par:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisessä                           :S:Ine:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisestä                           :S:Ela:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäiseen                            :S:Ill:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisellä                           :S:Ade:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäiselle                           :S:All:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisenä                            :S:Ess:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisettä                           :S:Abe:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäiset                             :P:Nom:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisten                            :P:Gen:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisin                             :P:Gen:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisiä                             :P:Par:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisissä                           :P:Ine:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisistä                           :P:Ela:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisiin                            :P:Ill:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisillä                           :P:Ade:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisille                           :P:All:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisinä                            :P:Ess:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisin                             :P:Ins:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisittä                           :P:Abe:                   ympyriäinen
ympyriäisine                            :P:Kom:                   ympyriäinen
ympyrä                                  :S:Nom:                   ympyrä
ympyrän                                 :S:Gen:                   ympyrä
ympyrää                                 :S:Par:                   ympyrä
ympyrässä                               :S:Ine:                   ympyrä
ympyrästä                               :S:Ela:                   ympyrä
ympyrään                                :S:Ill:                   ympyrä
ympyrällä                               :S:Ade:                   ympyrä
ympyrältä                               :S:Abl:                   ympyrä
ympyrälle                               :S:All:                   ympyrä
ympyränä                                :S:Ess:                   ympyrä
ympyräksi                               :S:Tra:                   ympyrä
ympyrättä                               :S:Abe:                   ympyrä
ympyrät                                 :P:Nom:                   ympyrä
ympyröiden                              :P:Gen:                   ympyrä
ympyröitten                             :P:Gen:                   ympyrä
ympyräin                                :P:Gen:                   ympyrä
ympyröitä                               :P:Par:                   ympyrä
ympyröissä                              :P:Ine:                   ympyrä
ympyröistä                              :P:Ela:                   ympyrä
ympyröihin                              :P:Ill:                   ympyrä
ympyröillä                              :P:Ade:                   ympyrä
ympyröiltä                              :P:Abl:                   ympyrä
ympyröille                              :P:All:                   ympyrä
ympyröinä                               :P:Ess:                   ympyrä
ympyröiksi                              :P:Tra:                   ympyrä
ympyröin                                :P:Ins:                   ympyrä
ympyröittä                              :P:Abe:                   ympyrä
ympyröine                               :P:Kom:                   ympyrä
ympyräkartio                            :S:Nom:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartion                           :S:Gen:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiota                          :S:Par:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiossa                         :S:Ine:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiosta                         :S:Ela:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioon                          :S:Ill:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiolla                         :S:Ade:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiolta                         :S:Abl:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiolle                         :S:All:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiona                          :S:Ess:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioksi                         :S:Tra:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiotta                         :S:Abe:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartiot                           :P:Nom:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioiden                        :P:Gen:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioitten                       :P:Gen:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioita                         :P:Par:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioissa                        :P:Ine:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioista                        :P:Ela:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioihin                        :P:Ill:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioilla                        :P:Ade:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioilta                        :P:Abl:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioille                        :P:All:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioina                         :P:Ess:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioin                          :P:Ins:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioitta                        :P:Abe:                   ympyräkartio
ympyräkartioine                         :P:Kom:                   ympyräkartio
ympyrälieriö                            :S:Nom:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriön                           :S:Gen:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriötä                          :S:Par:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriössä                         :S:Ine:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöstä                         :S:Ela:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöön                          :S:Ill:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöllä                         :S:Ade:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöltä                         :S:Abl:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriölle                         :S:All:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriönä                          :S:Ess:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöksi                         :S:Tra:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöttä                         :S:Abe:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöt                           :P:Nom:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöiden                        :P:Gen:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöitten                       :P:Gen:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöitä                         :P:Par:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöissä                        :P:Ine:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöistä                        :P:Ela:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöihin                        :P:Ill:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöillä                        :P:Ade:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöille                        :P:All:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöinä                         :P:Ess:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöin                          :P:Ins:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöittä                        :P:Abe:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyrälieriöine                         :P:Kom:                   ympyrälieriö
ympyräliike                             :S:Nom:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeen                          :S:Gen:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikettä                          :S:Par:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeessä                        :S:Ine:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeestä                        :S:Ela:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeeseen                       :S:Ill:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeellä                        :S:Ade:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeeltä                        :S:Abl:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeelle                        :S:All:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeenä                         :S:Ess:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeettä                        :S:Abe:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeet                          :P:Nom:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeiden                        :P:Gen:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikeitten                        :P:Gen:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeitä                         :P:Par:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeissä                        :P:Ine:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeistä                        :P:Ela:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeihin                        :P:Ill:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeillä                        :P:Ade:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeille                        :P:All:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeinä                         :P:Ess:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkein                          :P:Ins:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeittä                        :P:Abe:                   ympyräliike
ympyräliikkeine                         :P:Kom:                   ympyräliike
ympyränkaari                            :S:Nom:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaaren                           :S:Gen:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarta                           :S:Par:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaaressa                         :S:Ine:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaaresta                         :S:Ela:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaareen                          :S:Ill:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarella                         :S:Ade:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarelta                         :S:Abl:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarelle                         :S:All:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarena                          :S:Ess:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaareksi                         :S:Tra:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaaretta                         :S:Abe:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaaret                           :P:Nom:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarten                          :P:Gen:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarien                          :P:Gen:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaaria                           :P:Par:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarissa                         :P:Ine:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarista                         :P:Ela:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaariin                          :P:Ill:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarilla                         :P:Ade:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarilta                         :P:Abl:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarille                         :P:All:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarina                          :P:Ess:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaariksi                         :P:Tra:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarin                           :P:Ins:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaaritta                         :P:Abe:                   ympyränkaari
ympyränkaarine                          :P:Kom:                   ympyränkaari
ympyrärata                              :S:Nom:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradan                             :S:Gen:                   ympyrärata
ympyrärataa                             :S:Par:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradassa                           :S:Ine:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradasta                           :S:Ela:                   ympyrärata
ympyrärataan                            :S:Ill:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradalla                           :S:Ade:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradalta                           :S:Abl:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradalle                           :S:All:                   ympyrärata
ympyräratana                            :S:Ess:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradatta                           :S:Abe:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradat                             :P:Nom:                   ympyrärata
ympyräratojen                           :P:Gen:                   ympyrärata
ympyräratain                            :P:Gen:                   ympyrärata
ympyräratoja                            :P:Par:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradoissa                          :P:Ine:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradoista                          :P:Ela:                   ympyrärata
ympyräratoihin                          :P:Ill:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradoilla                          :P:Ade:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradoilta                          :P:Abl:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradoille                          :P:All:                   ympyrärata
ympyräratoina                           :P:Ess:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradoin                            :P:Ins:                   ympyrärata
ympyräradoitta                          :P:Abe:                   ympyrärata
ympyräratoine                           :P:Kom:                   ympyrärata
ympyräsuinen                            :S:Nom:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisen                            :S:Gen:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuista                            :S:Par:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisessa                          :S:Ine:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisesta                          :S:Ela:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuiseen                           :S:Ill:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisella                          :S:Ade:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuiselta                          :S:Abl:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuiselle                          :S:All:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisena                           :S:Ess:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuiseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisetta                          :S:Abe:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuiset                            :P:Nom:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisten                           :P:Gen:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisin                            :P:Gen:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisia                            :P:Par:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisissa                          :P:Ine:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisista                          :P:Ela:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisilla                          :P:Ade:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisilta                          :P:Abl:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisille                          :P:All:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisina                           :P:Ess:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisin                            :P:Ins:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisitta                          :P:Abe:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsuisine                           :P:Kom:                   ympyräsuinen
ympyräsylinteri                         :S:Nom:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterin                        :S:Gen:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinteriä                        :S:Par:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterissä                      :S:Ine:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinteristä                      :S:Ela:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinteriin                       :S:Ill:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterillä                      :S:Ade:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinteriltä                      :S:Abl:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterille                      :S:All:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterinä                       :S:Ess:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinteriksi                      :S:Tra:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterittä                      :S:Abe:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterit                        :P:Nom:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterien                       :P:Gen:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereiden                     :P:Gen:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereitten                    :P:Gen:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterejä                       :P:Par:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereitä                      :P:Par:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereissä                     :P:Ine:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereistä                     :P:Ela:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereihin                     :P:Ill:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereillä                     :P:Ade:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereille                     :P:All:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereinä                      :P:Ess:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylinterein                       :P:Ins:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereittä                     :P:Abe:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräsylintereine                      :P:Kom:                   ympyräsylinteri
ympyräviiva                             :S:Nom:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivan                            :S:Gen:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivaa                            :S:Par:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivassa                          :S:Ine:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivasta                          :S:Ela:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivaan                           :S:Ill:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivalla                          :S:Ade:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivalta                          :S:Abl:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivalle                          :S:All:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivana                           :S:Ess:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivatta                          :S:Abe:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivat                            :P:Nom:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivojen                          :P:Gen:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivain                           :P:Gen:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoja                           :P:Par:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoista                         :P:Ela:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoihin                         :P:Ill:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoille                         :P:All:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoina                          :P:Ess:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoin                           :P:Ins:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ympyräviiva
ympyräviivoine                          :P:Kom:                   ympyräviiva
ympyröin                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympyröidä
ympyröit                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröimme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröitte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröivät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröidään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröidä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ympyröidä
ympyröit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröitiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröinen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympyröidä
ympyröinet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröinee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröinemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröinette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröinevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröitäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröitäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympyröidä
ympyröisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröitäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröitäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröiköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröikäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröikää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröikööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröitäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröitäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröidä                               :Inf1:                    ympyröidä
ympyröidäkseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ympyröidä
ympyröidessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ympyröidä
ympyröitäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ympyröidä
ympyröiden                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ympyröidä
ympyröimässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ympyröidä
ympyröimästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ympyröidä
ympyröimään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ympyröidä
ympyröimällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ympyröidä
ympyröimättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ympyröidä
ympyröimän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ympyröidä
ympyröitämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ympyröidä
ympyröiminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ympyröidä
ympyröimistä                            :Inf4:Par:                ympyröidä
ympyröimäisillään                       :Inf5:                    ympyröidä
ympyröivä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ympyröidä
ympyröitävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröimä                               :Cip:Age:                 ympyröidä
ympyröimätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ympyröidä
ympyröinyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympyröidä
ympyröity                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympyröidä
ympyröinti                              :S:Nom:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinnin                             :S:Gen:                   ympyröinti
ympyröintiä                             :S:Par:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinnissä                           :S:Ine:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinnistä                           :S:Ela:                   ympyröinti
ympyröintiin                            :S:Ill:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinnillä                           :S:Ade:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinniltä                           :S:Abl:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinnille                           :S:All:                   ympyröinti
ympyröintinä                            :S:Ess:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinniksi                           :S:Tra:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinnittä                           :S:Abe:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinnit                             :P:Nom:                   ympyröinti
ympyröintien                            :P:Gen:                   ympyröinti
ympyröintejä                            :P:Par:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinneissä                          :P:Ine:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinneistä                          :P:Ela:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinneillä                          :P:Ade:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinneiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinneille                          :P:All:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinteinä                           :P:Ess:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinnein                            :P:Ins:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinneittä                          :P:Abe:                   ympyröinti
ympyröinteine                           :P:Kom:                   ympyröinti
ympäriajo                               :S:Nom:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajon                              :S:Gen:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoa                              :S:Par:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajossa                            :S:Ine:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajosta                            :S:Ela:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoon                             :S:Ill:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajolla                            :S:Ade:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajolta                            :S:Abl:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajolle                            :S:All:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajona                             :S:Ess:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoksi                            :S:Tra:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajotta                            :S:Abe:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajot                              :P:Nom:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajojen                            :P:Gen:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoja                             :P:Par:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoissa                           :P:Ine:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoista                           :P:Ela:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoihin                           :P:Ill:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoilla                           :P:Ade:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoilta                           :P:Abl:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoille                           :P:All:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoina                            :P:Ess:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoin                             :P:Ins:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoitta                           :P:Abe:                   ympäriajo
ympäriajoine                            :P:Kom:                   ympäriajo
ympärileikkaan                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaat                          :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamme                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaatte                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaavat                        :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikataan                         :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikata                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikkasin                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkasit                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkasi                          :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkasimme                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkasitte                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkasivat                       :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattiin                        :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikannen                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannet                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannee                         :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannemme                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannette                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannevat                       :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattaneen                      :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanne                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattane                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisin                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisit                        :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisimme                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisitte                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisivat                      :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattaisiin                     :Con:Pre:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikkaisi                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattaisi                       :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikatkoon                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikatkaamme                      :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikatkaa                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikatkoot                        :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattakoon                      :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikkaa                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikatko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikatko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikatko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikatko                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattako                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikata                           :Inf1:                    ympärileikata
ympärileikatakseen                      :Inf1:L:                  ympärileikata
ympärileikatessa                        :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ympärileikata
ympärileikattaessa                      :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ympärileikata
ympärileikaten                          :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamassa                      :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamasta                      :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamaan                       :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamalla                      :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamatta                      :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ympärileikata
ympärileikkaaman                        :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ympärileikata
ympärileikattaman                       :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ympärileikata
ympärileikkaaminen                      :Inf4:Nom:                ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamista                      :Inf4:Par:                ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamaisillaan                 :Inf5:                    ympärileikata
ympärileikkaava                         :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ympärileikata
ympärileikattava                        :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Cip:Per:Akt:             ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Cip:Per:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikkaama                         :Cip:Age:                 ympärileikata
ympärileikkaamaton                      :Cip:Age:Neg:             ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Con:Per:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:             ympärileikata
ympärileikannut                         :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikanneet                        :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympärileikata
ympärileikattu                          :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympärileikata
ympärileikkaus                          :S:Nom:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksen                       :S:Gen:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkausta                        :S:Par:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksessa                     :S:Ine:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksesta                     :S:Ela:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkaukseen                      :S:Ill:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksella                     :S:Ade:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkaukselta                     :S:Abl:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkaukselle                     :S:All:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksena                      :S:Ess:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkaukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksetta                     :S:Abe:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkaukset                       :P:Nom:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkausten                       :P:Gen:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksien                      :P:Gen:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksia                       :P:Par:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksissa                     :P:Ine:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksista                     :P:Ela:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksilla                     :P:Ade:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksilta                     :P:Abl:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksille                     :P:All:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksina                      :P:Ess:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksin                       :P:Ins:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksitta                     :P:Abe:                   ympärileikkaus
ympärileikkauksine                      :P:Kom:                   ympärileikkaus
ympäripyöreä                            :S:Nom:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreän                           :S:Gen:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreää                           :S:Par:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreässä                         :S:Ine:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreästä                         :S:Ela:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreään                          :S:Ill:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreällä                         :S:Ade:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreältä                         :S:Abl:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreälle                         :S:All:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreänä                          :S:Ess:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreäksi                         :S:Tra:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreättä                         :S:Abe:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreät                           :P:Nom:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreiden                         :P:Gen:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreitten                        :P:Gen:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreäin                          :P:Gen:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreitä                          :P:Par:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreissä                         :P:Ine:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreistä                         :P:Ela:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreisiin                        :P:Ill:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreihin                         :P:Ill:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreillä                         :P:Ade:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreille                         :P:All:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreinä                          :P:Ess:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyörein                           :P:Ins:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreittä                         :P:Abe:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäripyöreine                          :P:Kom:                   ympäripyöreä
ympäristö                               :S:Nom:                   ympäristö
ympäristön                              :S:Gen:                   ympäristö
ympäristöä                              :S:Par:                   ympäristö
ympäristössä                            :S:Ine:                   ympäristö
ympäristöstä                            :S:Ela:                   ympäristö
ympäristöön                             :S:Ill:                   ympäristö
ympäristöllä                            :S:Ade:                   ympäristö
ympäristöltä                            :S:Abl:                   ympäristö
ympäristölle                            :S:All:                   ympäristö
ympäristönä                             :S:Ess:                   ympäristö
ympäristöksi                            :S:Tra:                   ympäristö
ympäristöttä                            :S:Abe:                   ympäristö
ympäristöt                              :P:Nom:                   ympäristö
ympäristöjen                            :P:Gen:                   ympäristö
ympäristöjä                             :P:Par:                   ympäristö
ympäristöissä                           :P:Ine:                   ympäristö
ympäristöistä                           :P:Ela:                   ympäristö
ympäristöihin                           :P:Ill:                   ympäristö
ympäristöillä                           :P:Ade:                   ympäristö
ympäristöiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ympäristö
ympäristöille                           :P:All:                   ympäristö
ympäristöinä                            :P:Ess:                   ympäristö
ympäristöiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ympäristö
ympäristöin                             :P:Ins:                   ympäristö
ympäristöittä                           :P:Abe:                   ympäristö
ympäristöine                            :P:Kom:                   ympäristö
ympäristöaktiivi                        :S:Nom:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivin                       :S:Gen:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivia                       :S:Par:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivissa                     :S:Ine:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivista                     :S:Ela:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiviin                      :S:Ill:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivilla                     :S:Ade:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivilta                     :S:Abl:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiville                     :S:All:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivina                      :S:Ess:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiviksi                     :S:Tra:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivitta                     :S:Abe:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivit                       :P:Nom:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivien                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveja                      :P:Par:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveissa                    :P:Ine:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveista                    :P:Ela:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveihin                    :P:Ill:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveilla                    :P:Ade:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveilta                    :P:Abl:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveille                    :P:All:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveina                     :P:Ess:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiivein                      :P:Ins:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveitta                    :P:Abe:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktiiveine                     :P:Kom:                   ympäristöaktiivi
ympäristöaktivisti                      :S:Nom:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistin                     :S:Gen:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistia                     :S:Par:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistissa                   :S:Ine:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistista                   :S:Ela:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistiin                    :S:Ill:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistilla                   :S:Ade:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistilta                   :S:Abl:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistille                   :S:All:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistina                    :S:Ess:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistiksi                   :S:Tra:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistitta                   :S:Abe:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistit                     :P:Nom:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistien                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteja                    :P:Par:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteissa                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteista                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteihin                  :P:Ill:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteilla                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteilta                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteille                  :P:All:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteina                   :P:Ess:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivistein                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteitta                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöaktivisteine                   :P:Kom:                   ympäristöaktivisti
ympäristöalue                           :S:Nom:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueen                         :S:Gen:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöaluetta                        :S:Par:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueessa                       :S:Ine:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueesta                       :S:Ela:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueeseen                      :S:Ill:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueella                       :S:Ade:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueelta                       :S:Abl:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueelle                       :S:All:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueena                        :S:Ess:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueetta                       :S:Abe:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueet                         :P:Nom:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueiden                       :P:Gen:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueitten                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueita                        :P:Par:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueissa                       :P:Ine:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueista                       :P:Ela:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueihin                       :P:Ill:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueilla                       :P:Ade:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueilta                       :P:Abl:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueille                       :P:All:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueina                        :P:Ess:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöaluein                         :P:Ins:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueitta                       :P:Abe:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöalueine                        :P:Kom:                   ympäristöalue
ympäristöasia                           :S:Nom:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasian                          :S:Gen:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiaa                          :S:Par:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiassa                        :S:Ine:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiasta                        :S:Ela:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiaan                         :S:Ill:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasialla                        :S:Ade:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasialta                        :S:Abl:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasialle                        :S:All:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiana                         :S:Ess:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiatta                        :S:Abe:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiat                          :P:Nom:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioiden                       :P:Gen:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioitten                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasiain                         :P:Gen:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioita                        :P:Par:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioissa                       :P:Ine:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioista                       :P:Ela:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioihin                       :P:Ill:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioilla                       :P:Ade:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioilta                       :P:Abl:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioille                       :P:All:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioina                        :P:Ess:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioin                         :P:Ins:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioitta                       :P:Abe:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöasioine                        :P:Kom:                   ympäristöasia
ympäristöhaitta                         :S:Nom:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitan                         :S:Gen:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittaa                        :S:Par:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitassa                       :S:Ine:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitasta                       :S:Ela:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittaan                       :S:Ill:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitalla                       :S:Ade:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitalta                       :S:Abl:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitalle                       :S:All:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittana                       :S:Ess:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitaksi                       :S:Tra:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitatta                       :S:Abe:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitat                         :P:Nom:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittojen                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittain                       :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittoja                       :P:Par:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitoissa                      :P:Ine:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitoista                      :P:Ela:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittoihin                     :P:Ill:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitoilla                      :P:Ade:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitoilta                      :P:Abl:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitoille                      :P:All:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittoina                      :P:Ess:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitoin                        :P:Ins:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaitoitta                      :P:Abe:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhaittoine                      :P:Kom:                   ympäristöhaitta
ympäristöhygieenikko                    :S:Nom:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikon                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikkoa                   :S:Par:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikossa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikosta                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikkoon                  :S:Ill:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikolla                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikolta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikolle                  :S:All:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikkona                  :S:Ess:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikotta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikot                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikkojen                 :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoiden                 :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoitten                :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikkoja                  :P:Par:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoita                  :P:Par:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoissa                 :P:Ine:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoista                 :P:Ela:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikkoihin                :P:Ill:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoihin                 :P:Ill:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoilla                 :P:Ade:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoilta                 :P:Abl:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoille                 :P:All:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikkoina                 :P:Ess:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoin                   :P:Ins:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoitta                 :P:Abe:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieenikoine                  :P:Kom:                   ympäristöhygieenikko
ympäristöhygieeninen                    :S:Nom:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisen                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenistä                    :S:Par:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisessä                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisestä                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieeniseen                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisellä                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieeniseltä                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieeniselle                  :S:All:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisenä                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieeniseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisettä                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieeniset                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisten                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisin                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisiä                    :P:Par:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisissä                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisistä                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisiin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisillä                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisiltä                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisille                  :P:All:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisinä                   :P:Ess:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisin                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisittä                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygieenisine                   :P:Kom:                   ympäristöhygieeninen
ympäristöhygienia                       :S:Nom:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienian                      :S:Gen:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniaa                      :S:Par:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniassa                    :S:Ine:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniasta                    :S:Ela:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniaan                     :S:Ill:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienialla                    :S:Ade:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienialta                    :S:Abl:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienialle                    :S:All:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniana                     :S:Ess:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniaksi                    :S:Tra:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniatta                    :S:Abe:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniat                      :P:Nom:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioiden                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioitten                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygieniain                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioita                    :P:Par:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioissa                   :P:Ine:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioista                   :P:Ela:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioihin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioilla                   :P:Ade:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioilta                   :P:Abl:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioille                   :P:All:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioina                    :P:Ess:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioin                     :P:Ins:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioitta                   :P:Abe:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöhygienioine                    :P:Kom:                   ympäristöhygienia
ympäristöjärjestö                       :S:Nom:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestön                      :S:Gen:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöä                      :S:Par:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestössä                    :S:Ine:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöstä                    :S:Ela:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöön                     :S:Ill:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöllä                    :S:Ade:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöltä                    :S:Abl:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestölle                    :S:All:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestönä                     :S:Ess:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöksi                    :S:Tra:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöttä                    :S:Abe:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöt                      :P:Nom:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöjen                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöiden                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöitten                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöjä                     :P:Par:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöitä                    :P:Par:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöissä                   :P:Ine:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöistä                   :P:Ela:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöihin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöillä                   :P:Ade:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöiltä                   :P:Abl:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöille                   :P:All:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöinä                    :P:Ess:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöin                     :P:Ins:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöittä                   :P:Abe:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristöjärjestöine                    :P:Kom:                   ympäristöjärjestö
ympäristökasvatus                       :S:Nom:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksen                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatusta                     :S:Par:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksessa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksesta                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatukseen                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksella                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatukselta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatukselle                  :S:All:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksena                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksetta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatukset                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatusten                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksien                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksia                    :P:Par:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksista                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksille                  :P:All:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksina                   :P:Ess:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksin                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökasvatuksine                   :P:Kom:                   ympäristökasvatus
ympäristökatastrofi                     :S:Nom:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofin                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofia                    :S:Par:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofissa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofista                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofiin                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofilla                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofilta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofille                  :S:All:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofina                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofiksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofitta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofit                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofien                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeja                   :P:Par:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeissa                 :P:Ine:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeista                 :P:Ela:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeihin                 :P:Ill:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeilla                 :P:Ade:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeilta                 :P:Abl:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeille                 :P:All:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeina                  :P:Ess:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofein                   :P:Ins:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeitta                 :P:Abe:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökatastrofeine                  :P:Kom:                   ympäristökatastrofi
ympäristökeskus                         :S:Nom:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksen                      :S:Gen:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskusta                       :S:Par:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksessa                    :S:Ine:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksesta                    :S:Ela:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskukseen                     :S:Ill:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksella                    :S:Ade:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskukselta                    :S:Abl:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskukselle                    :S:All:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksena                     :S:Ess:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksetta                    :S:Abe:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskukset                      :P:Nom:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskusten                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksien                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksia                      :P:Par:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksista                    :P:Ela:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksille                    :P:All:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksina                     :P:Ess:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksin                      :P:Ins:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökeskuksine                     :P:Kom:                   ympäristökeskus
ympäristökunta                          :S:Nom:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnan                         :S:Gen:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntaa                         :S:Par:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnassa                       :S:Ine:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnasta                       :S:Ela:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntaan                        :S:Ill:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnalla                       :S:Ade:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnalta                       :S:Abl:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnalle                       :S:All:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntana                        :S:Ess:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnaksi                       :S:Tra:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnatta                       :S:Abe:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnat                         :P:Nom:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntien                        :P:Gen:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntain                        :P:Gen:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntia                         :P:Par:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnissa                       :P:Ine:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnista                       :P:Ela:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntiin                        :P:Ill:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnilla                       :P:Ade:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnilta                       :P:Abl:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnille                       :P:All:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntina                        :P:Ess:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunniksi                       :P:Tra:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnin                         :P:Ins:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökunnitta                       :P:Abe:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristökuntine                        :P:Kom:                   ympäristökunta
ympäristölautakunta                     :S:Nom:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnan                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntaa                    :S:Par:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnassa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnasta                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntaan                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnalla                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnalta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnalle                  :S:All:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntana                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnaksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnatta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnat                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntien                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntain                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntia                    :P:Par:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnissa                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnista                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntiin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnilla                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnilta                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnille                  :P:All:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntina                   :P:Ess:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunniksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnin                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakunnitta                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristölautakuntine                   :P:Kom:                   ympäristölautakunta
ympäristöliike                          :S:Nom:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeen                       :S:Gen:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikettä                       :S:Par:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeessä                     :S:Ine:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeestä                     :S:Ela:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeeseen                    :S:Ill:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeellä                     :S:Ade:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeeltä                     :S:Abl:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeelle                     :S:All:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeenä                      :S:Ess:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeeksi                     :S:Tra:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeettä                     :S:Abe:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeet                       :P:Nom:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeiden                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikeitten                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeitä                      :P:Par:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeissä                     :P:Ine:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeistä                     :P:Ela:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeisiin                    :P:Ill:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeihin                     :P:Ill:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeillä                     :P:Ade:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeille                     :P:All:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeinä                      :P:Ess:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkein                       :P:Ins:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeittä                     :P:Abe:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristöliikkeine                      :P:Kom:                   ympäristöliike
ympäristölupa                           :S:Nom:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvan                          :S:Gen:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupaa                          :S:Par:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvassa                        :S:Ine:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvasta                        :S:Ela:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupaan                         :S:Ill:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvalla                        :S:Ade:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvalta                        :S:Abl:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvalle                        :S:All:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupana                         :S:Ess:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvatta                        :S:Abe:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvat                          :P:Nom:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupien                         :P:Gen:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupain                         :P:Gen:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupia                          :P:Par:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvissa                        :P:Ine:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvista                        :P:Ela:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupiin                         :P:Ill:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvilla                        :P:Ade:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvilta                        :P:Abl:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluville                        :P:All:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupina                         :P:Ess:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluviksi                        :P:Tra:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvin                          :P:Ins:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristöluvitta                        :P:Abe:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristölupine                         :P:Kom:                   ympäristölupa
ympäristömelu                           :S:Nom:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelun                          :S:Gen:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelua                          :S:Par:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelussa                        :S:Ine:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelusta                        :S:Ela:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluun                         :S:Ill:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelulla                        :S:Ade:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelulta                        :S:Abl:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelulle                        :S:All:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluna                         :S:Ess:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluksi                        :S:Tra:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelutta                        :S:Abe:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelut                          :P:Nom:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömelujen                        :P:Gen:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluja                         :P:Par:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluissa                       :P:Ine:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluista                       :P:Ela:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluihin                       :P:Ill:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluilla                       :P:Ade:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluilta                       :P:Abl:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluille                       :P:All:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluina                        :P:Ess:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluin                         :P:Ins:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluitta                       :P:Abe:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömeluine                        :P:Kom:                   ympäristömelu
ympäristömerkki                         :S:Nom:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkin                         :S:Gen:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkkiä                        :S:Par:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkissä                       :S:Ine:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkistä                       :S:Ela:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkkiin                       :S:Ill:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkillä                       :S:Ade:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkiltä                       :S:Abl:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkille                       :S:All:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkkinä                       :S:Ess:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkiksi                       :S:Tra:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkittä                       :S:Abe:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkit                         :P:Nom:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkkien                       :P:Gen:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkkejä                       :P:Par:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkeissä                      :P:Ine:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkeistä                      :P:Ela:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkkeihin                     :P:Ill:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkeillä                      :P:Ade:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkeiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkeille                      :P:All:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkkeinä                      :P:Ess:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkein                        :P:Ins:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkeittä                      :P:Abe:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristömerkkeine                      :P:Kom:                   ympäristömerkki
ympäristöministeri                      :S:Nom:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerin                     :S:Gen:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministeriä                     :S:Par:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerissä                   :S:Ine:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministeristä                   :S:Ela:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministeriin                    :S:Ill:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerillä                   :S:Ade:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministeriltä                   :S:Abl:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerille                   :S:All:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerinä                    :S:Ess:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministeriksi                   :S:Tra:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerittä                   :S:Abe:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerit                     :P:Nom:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerien                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereiden                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereitten                 :P:Gen:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerejä                    :P:Par:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereitä                   :P:Par:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereissä                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereistä                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereihin                  :P:Ill:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereillä                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereiltä                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereille                  :P:All:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereinä                   :P:Ess:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministerein                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereittä                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministereine                   :P:Kom:                   ympäristöministeri
ympäristöministeriö                     :S:Nom:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriön                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriötä                   :S:Par:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriössä                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöstä                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöön                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöllä                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöltä                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriölle                  :S:All:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriönä                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöttä                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöt                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöiden                 :P:Gen:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöitten                :P:Gen:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöitä                  :P:Par:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöissä                 :P:Ine:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöistä                 :P:Ela:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöihin                 :P:Ill:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöillä                 :P:Ade:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöiltä                 :P:Abl:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöille                 :P:All:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöinä                  :P:Ess:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöin                   :P:Ins:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöittä                 :P:Abe:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristöministeriöine                  :P:Kom:                   ympäristöministeriö
ympäristömyrkky                         :S:Nom:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyn                         :S:Gen:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkkyä                        :S:Par:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyssä                       :S:Ine:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkystä                       :S:Ela:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkkyyn                       :S:Ill:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyllä                       :S:Ade:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyltä                       :S:Abl:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkylle                       :S:All:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkkynä                       :S:Ess:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyksi                       :S:Tra:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyttä                       :S:Abe:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyt                         :P:Nom:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkkyjen                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkkyjä                       :P:Par:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyissä                      :P:Ine:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyistä                      :P:Ela:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkkyihin                     :P:Ill:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyillä                      :P:Ade:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyille                      :P:All:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkkyinä                      :P:Ess:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyin                        :P:Ins:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkyittä                      :P:Abe:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristömyrkkyine                      :P:Kom:                   ympäristömyrkky
ympäristönsuojelija                     :S:Nom:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijan                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijaa                    :S:Par:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijassa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijasta                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijaan                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijalla                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijalta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijalle                  :S:All:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijana                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijaksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijatta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijat                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoiden                 :P:Gen:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoitten                :P:Gen:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijain                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoita                  :P:Par:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoissa                 :P:Ine:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoista                 :P:Ela:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoihin                 :P:Ill:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoilla                 :P:Ade:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoilta                 :P:Abl:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoille                 :P:All:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoina                  :P:Ess:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoin                   :P:Ins:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoitta                 :P:Abe:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelijoine                  :P:Kom:                   ympäristönsuojelija
ympäristönsuojelu                       :S:Nom:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelun                      :S:Gen:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelua                      :S:Par:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelussa                    :S:Ine:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelusta                    :S:Ela:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluun                     :S:Ill:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelulla                    :S:Ade:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelulta                    :S:Abl:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelulle                    :S:All:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluna                     :S:Ess:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluksi                    :S:Tra:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelutta                    :S:Abe:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelut                      :P:Nom:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojelujen                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluiden                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluitten                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluja                     :P:Par:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluita                    :P:Par:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluissa                   :P:Ine:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluista                   :P:Ela:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluihin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluilla                   :P:Ade:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluilta                   :P:Abl:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluille                   :P:All:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluina                    :P:Ess:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluin                     :P:Ins:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluitta                   :P:Abe:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönsuojeluine                    :P:Kom:                   ympäristönsuojelu
ympäristönvaihdos                       :S:Nom:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksen                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdosta                     :S:Par:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksessa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksesta                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdokseen                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksella                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdokselta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdokselle                  :S:All:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksena                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdokseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksetta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdokset                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdosten                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksien                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksia                    :P:Par:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksista                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksille                  :P:All:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksina                   :P:Ess:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksin                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristönvaihdoksine                   :P:Kom:                   ympäristönvaihdos
ympäristöoikeus                         :S:Nom:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuden                       :S:Gen:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeutta                       :S:Par:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeudessa                     :S:Ine:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeudesta                     :S:Ela:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuteen                      :S:Ill:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeudella                     :S:Ade:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeudelta                     :S:Abl:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeudelle                     :S:All:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeutena                      :S:Ess:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeudeksi                     :S:Tra:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeutta                       :S:Abe:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeudet                       :P:Nom:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksien                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksia                      :P:Par:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksista                    :P:Ela:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksille                    :P:All:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksina                     :P:Ess:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksin                      :P:Ins:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoikeuksine                     :P:Kom:                   ympäristöoikeus
ympäristöoppi                           :S:Nom:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopin                           :S:Gen:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöoppia                          :S:Par:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopissa                         :S:Ine:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopista                         :S:Ela:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöoppiin                         :S:Ill:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopilla                         :S:Ade:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopilta                         :S:Abl:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopille                         :S:All:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöoppina                         :S:Ess:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopiksi                         :S:Tra:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopitta                         :S:Abe:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopit                           :P:Nom:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöoppien                         :P:Gen:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöoppeja                         :P:Par:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopeissa                        :P:Ine:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopeista                        :P:Ela:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöoppeihin                       :P:Ill:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopeilla                        :P:Ade:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopeilta                        :P:Abl:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopeille                        :P:All:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöoppeina                        :P:Ess:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopeiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopein                          :P:Ins:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöopeitta                        :P:Abe:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöoppeine                        :P:Kom:                   ympäristöoppi
ympäristöpakolainen                     :S:Nom:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisen                     :S:Gen:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaista                     :S:Par:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisessa                   :S:Ine:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisesta                   :S:Ela:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaiseen                    :S:Ill:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisella                   :S:Ade:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaiselta                   :S:Abl:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaiselle                   :S:All:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisena                    :S:Ess:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaiseksi                   :S:Tra:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisetta                   :S:Abe:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaiset                     :P:Nom:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisten                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisin                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisia                     :P:Par:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisissa                   :P:Ine:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisista                   :P:Ela:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisiin                    :P:Ill:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisilla                   :P:Ade:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisilta                   :P:Abl:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisille                   :P:All:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisina                    :P:Ess:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisin                     :P:Ins:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisitta                   :P:Abe:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöpakolaisine                    :P:Kom:                   ympäristöpakolainen
ympäristöperäinen                       :S:Nom:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisen                       :S:Gen:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäistä                       :S:Par:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisessä                     :S:Ine:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisestä                     :S:Ela:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäiseen                      :S:Ill:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisellä                     :S:Ade:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäiseltä                     :S:Abl:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäiselle                     :S:All:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisenä                      :S:Ess:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäiseksi                     :S:Tra:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisettä                     :S:Abe:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäiset                       :P:Nom:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisten                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisin                       :P:Gen:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisiä                       :P:Par:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisissä                     :P:Ine:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisistä                     :P:Ela:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisillä                     :P:Ade:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisille                     :P:All:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisinä                      :P:Ess:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisin                       :P:Ins:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisittä                     :P:Abe:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöperäisine                      :P:Kom:                   ympäristöperäinen
ympäristöpolitiikka                     :S:Nom:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikan                     :S:Gen:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkaa                    :S:Par:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikassa                   :S:Ine:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikasta                   :S:Ela:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkaan                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikalla                   :S:Ade:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikalta                   :S:Abl:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikalle                   :S:All:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkana                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikaksi                   :S:Tra:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikatta                   :S:Abe:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikat                     :P:Nom:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkojen                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkain                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkoja                   :P:Par:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikoissa                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikoista                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkoihin                 :P:Ill:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikoilla                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikoilta                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikoille                  :P:All:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkoina                  :P:Ess:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikoiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikoin                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikoitta                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpolitiikkoine                  :P:Kom:                   ympäristöpolitiikka
ympäristöpsykologia                     :S:Nom:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologian                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiaa                    :S:Par:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiassa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiasta                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiaan                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologialla                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologialta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologialle                  :S:All:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiana                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiaksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiatta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiat                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioiden                 :P:Gen:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioitten                :P:Gen:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologiain                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioita                  :P:Par:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioissa                 :P:Ine:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioista                 :P:Ela:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioihin                 :P:Ill:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioilla                 :P:Ade:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioilta                 :P:Abl:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioille                 :P:All:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioina                  :P:Ess:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioin                   :P:Ins:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioitta                 :P:Abe:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristöpsykologioine                  :P:Kom:                   ympäristöpsykologia
ympäristörikos                          :S:Nom:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksen                       :S:Gen:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikosta                        :S:Par:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksessa                     :S:Ine:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksesta                     :S:Ela:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikokseen                      :S:Ill:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksella                     :S:Ade:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikokselta                     :S:Abl:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikokselle                     :S:All:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksena                      :S:Ess:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikokseksi                     :S:Tra:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksetta                     :S:Abe:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikokset                       :P:Nom:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikosten                       :P:Gen:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksien                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksia                       :P:Par:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksissa                     :P:Ine:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksista                     :P:Ela:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksiin                      :P:Ill:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksilla                     :P:Ade:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksilta                     :P:Abl:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksille                     :P:All:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksina                      :P:Ess:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksin                       :P:Ins:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksitta                     :P:Abe:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristörikoksine                      :P:Kom:                   ympäristörikos
ympäristösihteeri                       :S:Nom:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerin                      :S:Gen:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteeriä                      :S:Par:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerissä                    :S:Ine:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteeristä                    :S:Ela:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteeriin                     :S:Ill:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerillä                    :S:Ade:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteeriltä                    :S:Abl:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerille                    :S:All:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerinä                     :S:Ess:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteeriksi                    :S:Tra:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerittä                    :S:Abe:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerit                      :P:Nom:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerien                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereiden                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereitten                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerejä                     :P:Par:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereitä                    :P:Par:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereissä                   :P:Ine:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereistä                   :P:Ela:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereihin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereillä                   :P:Ade:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereiltä                   :P:Abl:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereille                   :P:All:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereinä                    :P:Ess:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteerein                     :P:Ins:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereittä                   :P:Abe:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösihteereine                    :P:Kom:                   ympäristösihteeri
ympäristösodankäynti                    :S:Nom:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynnin                   :S:Gen:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäyntiä                   :S:Par:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynnissä                 :S:Ine:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynnistä                 :S:Ela:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäyntiin                  :S:Ill:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynnillä                 :S:Ade:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynniltä                 :S:Abl:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynnille                 :S:All:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäyntinä                  :S:Ess:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynniksi                 :S:Tra:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynnittä                 :S:Abe:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynnit                   :P:Nom:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäyntien                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäyntejä                  :P:Par:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynneissä                :P:Ine:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynneistä                :P:Ela:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynteihin                :P:Ill:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynneillä                :P:Ade:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynneiltä                :P:Abl:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynneille                :P:All:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynteinä                 :P:Ess:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynneiksi                :P:Tra:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynnein                  :P:Ins:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynneittä                :P:Abe:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösodankäynteine                 :P:Kom:                   ympäristösodankäynti
ympäristösuunnittelu                    :S:Nom:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelun                   :S:Gen:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelua                   :S:Par:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelussa                 :S:Ine:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelusta                 :S:Ela:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluun                  :S:Ill:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelulla                 :S:Ade:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelulta                 :S:Abl:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelulle                 :S:All:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluna                  :S:Ess:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluksi                 :S:Tra:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelutta                 :S:Abe:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelut                   :P:Nom:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnittelujen                 :P:Gen:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluiden                :P:Gen:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluitten               :P:Gen:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluja                  :P:Par:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluita                 :P:Par:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluissa                :P:Ine:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluista                :P:Ela:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluihin                :P:Ill:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluilla                :P:Ade:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluilta                :P:Abl:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluille                :P:All:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluina                 :P:Ess:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluiksi                :P:Tra:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluin                  :P:Ins:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluitta                :P:Abe:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristösuunnitteluine                 :P:Kom:                   ympäristösuunnittelu
ympäristötaide                          :S:Nom:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteen                        :S:Gen:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaidetta                       :S:Par:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteessa                      :S:Ine:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteesta                      :S:Ela:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteeseen                     :S:Ill:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteella                      :S:Ade:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteelta                      :S:Abl:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteelle                      :S:All:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteena                       :S:Ess:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteeksi                      :S:Tra:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteetta                      :S:Abe:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteet                        :P:Nom:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteiden                      :P:Gen:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaideitten                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteita                       :P:Par:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteissa                      :P:Ine:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteista                      :P:Ela:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteisiin                     :P:Ill:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteihin                      :P:Ill:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteilla                      :P:Ade:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteilta                      :P:Abl:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteille                      :P:All:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteina                       :P:Ess:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaitein                        :P:Ins:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteitta                      :P:Abe:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötaiteine                       :P:Kom:                   ympäristötaide
ympäristötekijä                         :S:Nom:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijän                        :S:Gen:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijää                        :S:Par:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijässä                      :S:Ine:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijästä                      :S:Ela:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijään                       :S:Ill:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijällä                      :S:Ade:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijältä                      :S:Abl:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijälle                      :S:All:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijänä                       :S:Ess:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijäksi                      :S:Tra:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijättä                      :S:Abe:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijät                        :P:Nom:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöiden                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöitten                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijäin                       :P:Gen:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöitä                      :P:Par:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöissä                     :P:Ine:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöistä                     :P:Ela:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöihin                     :P:Ill:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöillä                     :P:Ade:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöiltä                     :P:Abl:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöille                     :P:All:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöinä                      :P:Ess:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöin                       :P:Ins:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöittä                     :P:Abe:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekijöine                      :P:Kom:                   ympäristötekijä
ympäristötekniikka                      :S:Nom:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikan                      :S:Gen:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikkaa                     :S:Par:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikassa                    :S:Ine:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikasta                    :S:Ela:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikkaan                    :S:Ill:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikalla                    :S:Ade:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikalta                    :S:Abl:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikalle                    :S:All:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikkana                    :S:Ess:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikaksi                    :S:Tra:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikatta                    :S:Abe:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikat                      :P:Nom:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoiden                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoitten                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikkojen                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikkain                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoita                    :P:Par:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikkoja                    :P:Par:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoissa                   :P:Ine:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoista                   :P:Ela:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikkoihin                  :P:Ill:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoihin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoilla                   :P:Ade:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoilta                   :P:Abl:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoille                   :P:All:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoina                    :P:Ess:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoiksi                   :P:Tra:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoin                     :P:Ins:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoitta                   :P:Abe:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristötekniikoine                    :P:Kom:                   ympäristötekniikka
ympäristöterveydenhuolto                :S:Nom:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuollon               :S:Gen:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuoltoa               :S:Par:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuollossa             :S:Ine:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuollosta             :S:Ela:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuoltoon              :S:Ill:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuollolla             :S:Ade:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuollolta             :S:Abl:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuollolle             :S:All:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuoltona              :S:Ess:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloksi             :S:Tra:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuollotta             :S:Abe:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuollot               :P:Nom:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuoltojen             :P:Gen:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuoltoja              :P:Par:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloissa            :P:Ine:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloista            :P:Ela:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuoltoihin            :P:Ill:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloilla            :P:Ade:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloilta            :P:Abl:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloille            :P:All:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuoltoina             :P:Ess:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloiksi            :P:Tra:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloin              :P:Ins:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuolloitta            :P:Abe:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristöterveydenhuoltoine             :P:Kom:                   ympäristöterveydenhuolto
ympäristötuho                           :S:Nom:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhon                          :S:Gen:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoa                          :S:Par:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhossa                        :S:Ine:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhosta                        :S:Ela:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoon                         :S:Ill:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuholla                        :S:Ade:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuholta                        :S:Abl:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuholle                        :S:All:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhona                         :S:Ess:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoksi                        :S:Tra:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhotta                        :S:Abe:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhot                          :P:Nom:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhojen                        :P:Gen:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoja                         :P:Par:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoissa                       :P:Ine:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoista                       :P:Ela:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoihin                       :P:Ill:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoilla                       :P:Ade:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoilta                       :P:Abl:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoille                       :P:All:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoina                        :P:Ess:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoin                         :P:Ins:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoitta                       :P:Abe:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristötuhoine                        :P:Kom:                   ympäristötuho
ympäristövahinko                        :S:Nom:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingon                       :S:Gen:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahinkoa                       :S:Par:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingossa                     :S:Ine:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingosta                     :S:Ela:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahinkoon                      :S:Ill:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingolla                     :S:Ade:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingolta                     :S:Abl:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingolle                     :S:All:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahinkona                      :S:Ess:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoksi                     :S:Tra:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingotta                     :S:Abe:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingot                       :P:Nom:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahinkojen                     :P:Gen:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahinkoja                      :P:Par:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoissa                    :P:Ine:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoista                    :P:Ela:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahinkoihin                    :P:Ill:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoilla                    :P:Ade:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoilta                    :P:Abl:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoille                    :P:All:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahinkoina                     :P:Ess:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoin                      :P:Ins:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahingoitta                    :P:Abe:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövahinkoine                     :P:Kom:                   ympäristövahinko
ympäristövaikutus                       :S:Nom:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksen                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutusta                     :S:Par:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksessa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksesta                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutukseen                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksella                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutukselta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutukselle                  :S:All:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksena                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksetta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutukset                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutusten                    :P:Gen:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksien                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksia                    :P:Par:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksista                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksille                  :P:All:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksina                   :P:Ess:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksin                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaikutuksine                   :P:Kom:                   ympäristövaikutus
ympäristövaliokunta                     :S:Nom:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnan                    :S:Gen:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntaa                    :S:Par:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnassa                  :S:Ine:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnasta                  :S:Ela:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntaan                   :S:Ill:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnalla                  :S:Ade:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnalta                  :S:Abl:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnalle                  :S:All:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntana                   :S:Ess:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnaksi                  :S:Tra:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnatta                  :S:Abe:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnat                    :P:Nom:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntien                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntain                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntia                    :P:Par:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnissa                  :P:Ine:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnista                  :P:Ela:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntiin                   :P:Ill:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnilla                  :P:Ade:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnilta                  :P:Abl:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnille                  :P:All:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntina                   :P:Ess:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunniksi                  :P:Tra:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnin                    :P:Ins:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokunnitta                  :P:Abe:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövaliokuntine                   :P:Kom:                   ympäristövaliokunta
ympäristövero                           :S:Nom:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveron                          :S:Gen:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroa                          :S:Par:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverossa                        :S:Ine:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverosta                        :S:Ela:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroon                         :S:Ill:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverolla                        :S:Ade:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverolta                        :S:Abl:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverolle                        :S:All:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverona                         :S:Ess:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroksi                        :S:Tra:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverotta                        :S:Abe:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverot                          :P:Nom:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöverojen                        :P:Gen:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroja                         :P:Par:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroissa                       :P:Ine:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroista                       :P:Ela:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroihin                       :P:Ill:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroilla                       :P:Ade:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroilta                       :P:Abl:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroille                       :P:All:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroina                        :P:Ess:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroin                         :P:Ins:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroitta                       :P:Abe:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöveroine                        :P:Kom:                   ympäristövero
ympäristöystävällinen                   :S:Nom:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisen                   :S:Gen:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällistä                   :S:Par:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisessä                 :S:Ine:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisestä                 :S:Ela:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävälliseen                  :S:Ill:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisellä                 :S:Ade:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävälliseltä                 :S:Abl:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävälliselle                 :S:All:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisenä                  :S:Ess:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävälliseksi                 :S:Tra:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisettä                 :S:Abe:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävälliset                   :P:Nom:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisten                  :P:Gen:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisin                   :P:Gen:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisiä                   :P:Par:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisissä                 :P:Ine:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisistä                 :P:Ela:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisiin                  :P:Ill:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisillä                 :P:Ade:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisiltä                 :P:Abl:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisille                 :P:All:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisinä                  :P:Ess:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisiksi                 :P:Tra:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisin                   :P:Ins:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisittä                 :P:Abe:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympäristöystävällisine                  :P:Kom:                   ympäristöystävällinen
ympärivuotinen                          :S:Nom:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisen                          :S:Gen:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotista                          :S:Par:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisessa                        :S:Ine:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisesta                        :S:Ela:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotiseen                         :S:Ill:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisella                        :S:Ade:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotiselta                        :S:Abl:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotiselle                        :S:All:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisena                         :S:Ess:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotiseksi                        :S:Tra:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisetta                        :S:Abe:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotiset                          :P:Nom:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisten                         :P:Gen:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisin                          :P:Gen:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisia                          :P:Par:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisissa                        :P:Ine:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisista                        :P:Ela:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisiin                         :P:Ill:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisilla                        :P:Ade:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisilta                        :P:Abl:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisille                        :P:All:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisina                         :P:Ess:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisin                          :P:Ins:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisitta                        :P:Abe:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärivuotisine                         :P:Kom:                   ympärivuotinen
ympärys                                 :S:Nom:                   ympärys
ympäryksen                              :S:Gen:                   ympärys
ympärystä                               :S:Par:                   ympärys
ympäryksessä                            :S:Ine:                   ympärys
ympäryksestä                            :S:Ela:                   ympärys
ympärykseen                             :S:Ill:                   ympärys
ympäryksellä                            :S:Ade:                   ympärys
ympärykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ympärys
ympärykselle                            :S:All:                   ympärys
ympäryksenä                             :S:Ess:                   ympärys
ympärykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ympärys
ympäryksettä                            :S:Abe:                   ympärys
ympärykset                              :P:Nom:                   ympärys
ympärysten                              :P:Gen:                   ympärys
ympäryksien                             :P:Gen:                   ympärys
ympäryksiä                              :P:Par:                   ympärys
ympäryksissä                            :P:Ine:                   ympärys
ympäryksistä                            :P:Ela:                   ympärys
ympäryksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ympärys
ympäryksillä                            :P:Ade:                   ympärys
ympäryksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ympärys
ympäryksille                            :P:All:                   ympärys
ympäryksinä                             :P:Ess:                   ympärys
ympäryksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ympärys
ympäryksin                              :P:Ins:                   ympärys
ympäryksittä                            :P:Abe:                   ympärys
ympäryksine                             :P:Kom:                   ympärys
ympärysmaa                              :S:Nom:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaan                             :S:Gen:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaata                            :S:Par:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaassa                           :S:Ine:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaasta                           :S:Ela:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaahan                           :S:Ill:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaalla                           :S:Ade:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaalta                           :S:Abl:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaalle                           :S:All:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaana                            :S:Ess:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaaksi                           :S:Tra:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaatta                           :S:Abe:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaat                             :P:Nom:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaiden                           :P:Gen:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaitten                          :P:Gen:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaita                            :P:Par:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaissa                           :P:Ine:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaista                           :P:Ela:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaihin                           :P:Ill:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmailla                           :P:Ade:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmailta                           :P:Abl:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaille                           :P:All:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaina                            :P:Ess:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmain                             :P:Ins:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaitta                           :P:Abe:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmaine                            :P:Kom:                   ympärysmaa
ympärysmitta                            :S:Nom:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitan                            :S:Gen:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittaa                           :S:Par:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitassa                          :S:Ine:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitasta                          :S:Ela:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittaan                          :S:Ill:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitalla                          :S:Ade:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitalta                          :S:Abl:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitalle                          :S:All:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittana                          :S:Ess:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitaksi                          :S:Tra:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitatta                          :S:Abe:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitat                            :P:Nom:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittojen                         :P:Gen:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittain                          :P:Gen:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittoja                          :P:Par:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitoissa                         :P:Ine:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitoista                         :P:Ela:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitoilla                         :P:Ade:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitoilta                         :P:Abl:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitoille                         :P:All:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittoina                         :P:Ess:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitoin                           :P:Ins:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmitoitta                         :P:Abe:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittoine                         :P:Kom:                   ympärysmitta
ympärysmittainen                        :S:Nom:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisen                        :S:Gen:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaista                        :S:Par:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisessa                      :S:Ine:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisesta                      :S:Ela:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaiseen                       :S:Ill:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisella                      :S:Ade:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaiselta                      :S:Abl:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaiselle                      :S:All:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisena                       :S:Ess:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaiseksi                      :S:Tra:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisetta                      :S:Abe:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaiset                        :P:Nom:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisten                       :P:Gen:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisin                        :P:Gen:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisia                        :P:Par:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisissa                      :P:Ine:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisista                      :P:Ela:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisilla                      :P:Ade:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisilta                      :P:Abl:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisille                      :P:All:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisina                       :P:Ess:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisin                        :P:Ins:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisitta                      :P:Abe:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmittaisine                       :P:Kom:                   ympärysmittainen
ympärysmuuri                            :S:Nom:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurin                           :S:Gen:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuuria                           :S:Par:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurissa                         :S:Ine:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurista                         :S:Ela:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuuriin                          :S:Ill:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurilla                         :S:Ade:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurilta                         :S:Abl:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurille                         :S:All:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurina                          :S:Ess:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuuriksi                         :S:Tra:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuuritta                         :S:Abe:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurit                           :P:Nom:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurien                          :P:Gen:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureja                          :P:Par:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureissa                        :P:Ine:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureista                        :P:Ela:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureihin                        :P:Ill:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureilla                        :P:Ade:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureilta                        :P:Abl:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureille                        :P:All:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureina                         :P:Ess:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuurein                          :P:Ins:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureitta                        :P:Abe:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärysmuureine                         :P:Kom:                   ympärysmuuri
ympärystä                               :S:Nom:                   ympärystä
ympärystän                              :S:Gen:                   ympärystä
ympärystää                              :S:Par:                   ympärystä
ympärystässä                            :S:Ine:                   ympärystä
ympärystästä                            :S:Ela:                   ympärystä
ympärystään                             :S:Ill:                   ympärystä
ympäryställä                            :S:Ade:                   ympärystä
ympärystältä                            :S:Abl:                   ympärystä
ympäryställe                            :S:All:                   ympärystä
ympärystänä                             :S:Ess:                   ympärystä
ympärystäksi                            :S:Tra:                   ympärystä
ympärystättä                            :S:Abe:                   ympärystä
ympärystät                              :P:Nom:                   ympärystä
ympärystöjen                            :P:Gen:                   ympärystä
ympärystäin                             :P:Gen:                   ympärystä
ympärystöjä                             :P:Par:                   ympärystä
ympärystöissä                           :P:Ine:                   ympärystä
ympärystöistä                           :P:Ela:                   ympärystä
ympärystöihin                           :P:Ill:                   ympärystä
ympärystöillä                           :P:Ade:                   ympärystä
ympärystöiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ympärystä
ympärystöille                           :P:All:                   ympärystä
ympärystöinä                            :P:Ess:                   ympärystä
ympärystöiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ympärystä
ympärystöin                             :P:Ins:                   ympärystä
ympärystöittä                           :P:Abe:                   ympärystä
ympärystöine                            :P:Kom:                   ympärystä
ympärysvalta                            :S:Nom:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallan                           :S:Gen:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltaa                           :S:Par:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallassa                         :S:Ine:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallasta                         :S:Ela:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltaan                          :S:Ill:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallalla                         :S:Ade:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallalta                         :S:Abl:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallalle                         :S:All:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltana                          :S:Ess:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallaksi                         :S:Tra:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallatta                         :S:Abe:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvallat                           :P:Nom:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltojen                         :P:Gen:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltain                          :P:Gen:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltoja                          :P:Par:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvalloissa                        :P:Ine:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvalloista                        :P:Ela:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltoihin                        :P:Ill:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvalloilla                        :P:Ade:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvalloilta                        :P:Abl:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvalloille                        :P:All:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltoina                         :P:Ess:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvalloiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvalloin                          :P:Ins:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvalloitta                        :P:Abe:                   ympärysvalta
ympärysvaltoine                         :P:Kom:                   ympärysvalta
ympäröin                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympäröidä
ympäröit                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröimme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröitte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröivät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröidään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröidä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ympäröidä
ympäröit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröitiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröinen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympäröidä
ympäröinet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröinee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröinemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröinette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröinevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröitäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröine                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröitäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympäröidä
ympäröisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröitäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröitäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröiköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröikäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröikää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröikööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröitäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröi                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröikö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröitäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröidä                               :Inf1:                    ympäröidä
ympäröidäkseen                          :Inf1:L:                  ympäröidä
ympäröidessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ympäröidä
ympäröitäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ympäröidä
ympäröiden                              :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ympäröidä
ympäröimässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ympäröidä
ympäröimästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ympäröidä
ympäröimään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ympäröidä
ympäröimällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ympäröidä
ympäröimättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ympäröidä
ympäröimän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ympäröidä
ympäröitämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ympäröidä
ympäröiminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                ympäröidä
ympäröimistä                            :Inf4:Par:                ympäröidä
ympäröimäisillään                       :Inf5:                    ympäröidä
ympäröivä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ympäröidä
ympäröitävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröimä                               :Cip:Age:                 ympäröidä
ympäröimätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ympäröidä
ympäröinyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröineet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympäröidä
ympäröity                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympäröidä
ympäröinti                              :S:Nom:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinnin                             :S:Gen:                   ympäröinti
ympäröintiä                             :S:Par:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinnissä                           :S:Ine:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinnistä                           :S:Ela:                   ympäröinti
ympäröintiin                            :S:Ill:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinnillä                           :S:Ade:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinniltä                           :S:Abl:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinnille                           :S:All:                   ympäröinti
ympäröintinä                            :S:Ess:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinniksi                           :S:Tra:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinnittä                           :S:Abe:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinnit                             :P:Nom:                   ympäröinti
ympäröintien                            :P:Gen:                   ympäröinti
ympäröintejä                            :P:Par:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinneissä                          :P:Ine:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinneistä                          :P:Ela:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinteihin                          :P:Ill:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinneillä                          :P:Ade:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinneiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinneille                          :P:All:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinteinä                           :P:Ess:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinneiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinnein                            :P:Ins:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinneittä                          :P:Abe:                   ympäröinti
ympäröinteine                           :P:Kom:                   ympäröinti
ymppään                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympätä
ymppäät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ymppää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ymppäämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ymppäätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ymppäävät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympätään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ympätä
ymppää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympätä
ymppää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ymppää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ymppää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ymppää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ymppää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
ymppäsin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ympätä
ymppäsit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ymppäsi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ymppäsimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ymppäsitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ymppäsivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympättiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympätty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
ympännen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympätä
ympännet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ympännee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ympännemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ympännette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ympännevät                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympättäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ympätä
ympänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympätä
ympänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ympänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ympänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ympänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ympänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
ymppäisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ympätä
ymppäisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ymppäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ymppäisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ymppäisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ymppäisivät                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympättäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             ympätä
ymppäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympätä
ymppäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ymppäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ymppäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ymppäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ymppäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
ymppää                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ympätköön                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ympätkäämme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ympätkää                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ympätkööt                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympättäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ympätä
ymppää                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ympätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ympätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ympätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ympätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympättäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ympätä
ympätä                                  :Inf1:                    ympätä
ympätäkseen                             :Inf1:L:                  ympätä
ympätessä                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ympätä
ympättäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ympätä
ympäten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ympätä
ymppäämässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ympätä
ymppäämästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ympätä
ymppäämään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ympätä
ymppäämällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ympätä
ymppäämättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ympätä
ymppäämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ympätä
ympättämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ympätä
ymppääminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ympätä
ymppäämistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ympätä
ymppäämäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ympätä
ymppäävä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ympätä
ympättävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ympätä
ympännyt                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             ympätä
ympätty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             ympätä
ymppäämä                                :Cip:Age:                 ympätä
ymppäämätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympätty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympätty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympätty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympätty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
ympännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ympätä
ympännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ympännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympätty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             ympätä
ympännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympätty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
ympännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ympätä
ympännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ympätä
ympännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympätty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             ympätä
ympännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ympätä
ympännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympätty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
ympännyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ympätä
ympänneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ympätä
ympätty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             ympätä
ympännyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ympätä
ympänneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ympätä
ympätty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ympätä
yninä                                   :S:Nom:                   yninä
yninän                                  :S:Gen:                   yninä
yninää                                  :S:Par:                   yninä
yninässä                                :S:Ine:                   yninä
yninästä                                :S:Ela:                   yninä
yninään                                 :S:Ill:                   yninä
yninällä                                :S:Ade:                   yninä
yninältä                                :S:Abl:                   yninä
yninälle                                :S:All:                   yninä
yninänä                                 :S:Ess:                   yninä
yninäksi                                :S:Tra:                   yninä
yninättä                                :S:Abe:                   yninä
yninät                                  :P:Nom:                   yninä
yninöiden                               :P:Gen:                   yninä
yninöitten                              :P:Gen:                   yninä
yninäin                                 :P:Gen:                   yninä
yninöitä                                :P:Par:                   yninä
yninöissä                               :P:Ine:                   yninä
yninöistä                               :P:Ela:                   yninä
yninöihin                               :P:Ill:                   yninä
yninöillä                               :P:Ade:                   yninä
yninöiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yninä
yninöille                               :P:All:                   yninä
yninöinä                                :P:Ess:                   yninä
yninöiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yninä
yninöin                                 :P:Ins:                   yninä
yninöittä                               :P:Abe:                   yninä
yninöine                                :P:Kom:                   yninä
ynisin                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynistä
yniset                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynisee                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynisemme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynistä
ynisette                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynistä
ynisevät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynistään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ynistä
ynise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynistä
ynise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
ynise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
ynise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
ynise                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynistä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynisin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ynistä
ynisit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynisi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynisimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ynistä
ynisitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ynistä
ynisivät                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynistiin                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisty                                  :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynissen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynistä
ynisset                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynissee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynissemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynistä
ynissette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynistä
ynissevät                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynistäneen                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ynistä
ynisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisse                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynistäne                                :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynisisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynistä
ynisisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynisisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynistä
ynisisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynistä
ynisisivät                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynistäisiin                             :Con:Pre:Pas:             ynistä
ynisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynistäisi                               :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynise                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynisköön                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynistä
yniskäämme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynistä
yniskää                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynistä
yniskööt                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynistäköön                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ynistä
ynise                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
yniskö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
yniskö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
yniskö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
yniskö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynistäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ynistä
ynistä                                  :Inf1:                    ynistä
ynistäkseen                             :Inf1:L:                  ynistä
ynistessä                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ynistä
ynistäessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ynistä
ynisten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ynistä
ynisemässä                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ynistä
ynisemästä                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ynistä
ynisemään                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ynistä
ynisemällä                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ynistä
ynisemättä                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ynistä
ynisemän                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ynistä
ynistämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ynistä
yniseminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                ynistä
ynisemistä                              :Inf4:Par:                ynistä
ynisemäisillään                         :Inf5:                    ynistä
ynisevä                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ynistä
ynistävä                                :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             ynistä
ynisty                                  :Cip:Per:Pas:             ynistä
ynisemä                                 :Cip:Age:                 ynistä
ynisemätön                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynisty                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:             ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisty                                  :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynisty                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisty                                  :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynisty                                  :Con:Per:Pas:             ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisty                                  :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynisty                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:             ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisty                                  :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ynistä
ynisseet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ynistä
ynisty                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:             ynistä
ynissyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisseet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynistä
ynisty                                  :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynistä
ynnälasku                               :S:Nom:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskun                              :S:Gen:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskua                              :S:Par:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskussa                            :S:Ine:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskusta                            :S:Ela:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuun                             :S:Ill:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskulla                            :S:Ade:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskulta                            :S:Abl:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskulle                            :S:All:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuna                             :S:Ess:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuksi                            :S:Tra:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskutta                            :S:Abe:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskut                              :P:Nom:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskujen                            :P:Gen:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuja                             :P:Par:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuissa                           :P:Ine:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuista                           :P:Ela:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuihin                           :P:Ill:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuilla                           :P:Ade:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuilta                           :P:Abl:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuille                           :P:All:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuina                            :P:Ess:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuin                             :P:Ins:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuitta                           :P:Abe:                   ynnälasku
ynnälaskuine                            :P:Kom:                   ynnälasku
ynnään                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynnätä
ynnäät                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnäämme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnäätte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnäävät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnätään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnäsin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ynnätä
ynnäsit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnäsi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnäsimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnäsitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnäsivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnättiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnännen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynnätä
ynnännet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnännee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnännemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnännette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnännevät                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnättäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnäisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynnätä
ynnäisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnäisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnäisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnäisivät                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnättäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnäisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnätköön                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnätkäämme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnätkää                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnätkööt                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnättäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnää                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnättäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnätä                                  :Inf1:                    ynnätä
ynnätäkseen                             :Inf1:L:                  ynnätä
ynnätessä                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ynnätä
ynnättäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ynnätä
ynnäten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ynnätä
ynnäämässä                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ynnätä
ynnäämästä                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ynnätä
ynnäämään                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ynnätä
ynnäämällä                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ynnätä
ynnäämättä                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ynnätä
ynnäämän                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ynnätä
ynnättämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ynnätä
ynnääminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                ynnätä
ynnäämistä                              :Inf4:Par:                ynnätä
ynnäämäisillään                         :Inf5:                    ynnätä
ynnäävä                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ynnätä
ynnättävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnäämä                                 :Cip:Age:                 ynnätä
ynnäämätön                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             ynnätä
ynnännyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnänneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynnätä
ynnätty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynnätä
ynnäys                                  :S:Nom:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksen                               :S:Gen:                   ynnäys
ynnäystä                                :S:Par:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksessä                             :S:Ine:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksestä                             :S:Ela:                   ynnäys
ynnäykseen                              :S:Ill:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksellä                             :S:Ade:                   ynnäys
ynnäykseltä                             :S:Abl:                   ynnäys
ynnäykselle                             :S:All:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksenä                              :S:Ess:                   ynnäys
ynnäykseksi                             :S:Tra:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksettä                             :S:Abe:                   ynnäys
ynnäykset                               :P:Nom:                   ynnäys
ynnäysten                               :P:Gen:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksien                              :P:Gen:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksiä                               :P:Par:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksissä                             :P:Ine:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksistä                             :P:Ela:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksiin                              :P:Ill:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksillä                             :P:Ade:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksille                             :P:All:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksinä                              :P:Ess:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksin                               :P:Ins:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksittä                             :P:Abe:                   ynnäys
ynnäyksine                              :P:Kom:                   ynnäys
ynseys                                  :S:Nom:                   ynseys
ynseyden                                :S:Gen:                   ynseys
ynseyttä                                :S:Par:                   ynseys
ynseydessä                              :S:Ine:                   ynseys
ynseydestä                              :S:Ela:                   ynseys
ynseyteen                               :S:Ill:                   ynseys
ynseydellä                              :S:Ade:                   ynseys
ynseydeltä                              :S:Abl:                   ynseys
ynseydelle                              :S:All:                   ynseys
ynseytenä                               :S:Ess:                   ynseys
ynseydeksi                              :S:Tra:                   ynseys
ynseyttä                                :S:Abe:                   ynseys
ynseydet                                :P:Nom:                   ynseys
ynseyksien                              :P:Gen:                   ynseys
ynseyksiä                               :P:Par:                   ynseys
ynseyksissä                             :P:Ine:                   ynseys
ynseyksistä                             :P:Ela:                   ynseys
ynseyksiin                              :P:Ill:                   ynseys
ynseyksillä                             :P:Ade:                   ynseys
ynseyksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   ynseys
ynseyksille                             :P:All:                   ynseys
ynseyksinä                              :P:Ess:                   ynseys
ynseyksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   ynseys
ynseyksin                               :P:Ins:                   ynseys
ynseyksittä                             :P:Abe:                   ynseys
ynseyksine                              :P:Kom:                   ynseys
ynseä                                   :S:Nom:                   ynseä
ynseän                                  :S:Gen:                   ynseä
ynseää                                  :S:Par:                   ynseä
ynseässä                                :S:Ine:                   ynseä
ynseästä                                :S:Ela:                   ynseä
ynseään                                 :S:Ill:                   ynseä
ynseällä                                :S:Ade:                   ynseä
ynseältä                                :S:Abl:                   ynseä
ynseälle                                :S:All:                   ynseä
ynseänä                                 :S:Ess:                   ynseä
ynseäksi                                :S:Tra:                   ynseä
ynseättä                                :S:Abe:                   ynseä
ynseät                                  :P:Nom:                   ynseä
ynseiden                                :P:Gen:                   ynseä
ynseitten                               :P:Gen:                   ynseä
ynseäin                                 :P:Gen:                   ynseä
ynseitä                                 :P:Par:                   ynseä
ynseissä                                :P:Ine:                   ynseä
ynseistä                                :P:Ela:                   ynseä
ynseisiin                               :P:Ill:                   ynseä
ynseihin                                :P:Ill:                   ynseä
ynseillä                                :P:Ade:                   ynseä
ynseiltä                                :P:Abl:                   ynseä
ynseille                                :P:All:                   ynseä
ynseinä                                 :P:Ess:                   ynseä
ynseiksi                                :P:Tra:                   ynseä
ynsein                                  :P:Ins:                   ynseä
ynseittä                                :P:Abe:                   ynseä
ynseine                                 :P:Kom:                   ynseä
ynähdys                                 :S:Nom:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksen                              :S:Gen:                   ynähdys
ynähdystä                               :S:Par:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksessä                            :S:Ine:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksestä                            :S:Ela:                   ynähdys
ynähdykseen                             :S:Ill:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksellä                            :S:Ade:                   ynähdys
ynähdykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ynähdys
ynähdykselle                            :S:All:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksenä                             :S:Ess:                   ynähdys
ynähdykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksettä                            :S:Abe:                   ynähdys
ynähdykset                              :P:Nom:                   ynähdys
ynähdysten                              :P:Gen:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksien                             :P:Gen:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksiä                              :P:Par:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksille                            :P:All:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksin                              :P:Ins:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   ynähdys
ynähdyksine                             :P:Kom:                   ynähdys
ynähdän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynähtää
ynähdät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähtää                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähdämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähdätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtävät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähdä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
ynähdin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ynähtää
ynähdit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähdimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähditte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
ynähtänen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynähtää
ynähtänet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähtänee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähtänemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähtänette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtänevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
ynähtäisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ynähtää
ynähtäisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähtäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähtäisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähtäisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtäisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
ynähdä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähtäköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähtäkäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähtäkää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtäkööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähdä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtää                                 :Inf1:                    ynähtää
ynähtääkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  ynähtää
ynähtäessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ynähtää
ynähdettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ynähtää
ynähtäen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ynähtää
ynähtämässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ynähtää
ynähtämästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ynähtää
ynähtämään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ynähtää
ynähtämällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ynähtää
ynähtämättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ynähtää
ynähtämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ynähtää
ynähdettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ynähtää
ynähtäminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                ynähtää
ynähtämistä                             :Inf4:Par:                ynähtää
ynähtämäisillään                        :Inf5:                    ynähtää
ynähtävä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ynähtää
ynähdettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtämä                                :Cip:Age:                 ynähtää
ynähtämätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             ynähtää
ynähtänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähtäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ynähtää
ynähdetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ynähtää
yorkshirenterrieri                      :S:Nom:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierin                     :S:Gen:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrieriä                     :S:Par:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierissä                   :S:Ine:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrieristä                   :S:Ela:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrieriin                    :S:Ill:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierillä                   :S:Ade:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrieriltä                   :S:Abl:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierille                   :S:All:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierinä                    :S:Ess:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrieriksi                   :S:Tra:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierittä                   :S:Abe:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierit                     :P:Nom:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierien                    :P:Gen:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierejä                    :P:Par:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereissä                  :P:Ine:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereistä                  :P:Ela:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereihin                  :P:Ill:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereillä                  :P:Ade:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereiltä                  :P:Abl:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereille                  :P:All:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereinä                   :P:Ess:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereiksi                  :P:Tra:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterrierein                    :P:Ins:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereittä                  :P:Abe:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshirenterriereine                   :P:Kom:                   yorkshirenterrieri
yorkshiresika                           :S:Nom:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresian                           :S:Gen:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikaa                          :S:Par:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresiassa                         :S:Ine:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresiasta                         :S:Ela:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikaan                         :S:Ill:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresialla                         :S:Ade:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresialta                         :S:Abl:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresialle                         :S:All:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikana                         :S:Ess:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresiaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresiatta                         :S:Abe:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresiat                           :P:Nom:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikojen                        :P:Gen:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikain                         :P:Gen:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikoja                         :P:Par:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresioissa                        :P:Ine:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresioista                        :P:Ela:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresioilla                        :P:Ade:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresioilta                        :P:Abl:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresioille                        :P:All:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikoina                        :P:Ess:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresioiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresioin                          :P:Ins:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresioitta                        :P:Abe:                   yorkshiresika
yorkshiresikoine                        :P:Kom:                   yorkshiresika
yrittelen                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yritellä
yrittelet                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yrittelee                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yrittelemme                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yrittelette                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yrittelevät                             :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yritellään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yritellä
yrittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yritellä
yrittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yrittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yrittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yrittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yrittele                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yritellä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yrittelin                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yritellä
yrittelit                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yritteli                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yrittelimme                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yrittelitte                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yrittelivät                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yriteltiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelty                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yritellen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yritellä
yritellet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yritellee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yritellemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yritellette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yritellevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yriteltäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yritellä
yritelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yritellä
yritelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yritelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelle                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yriteltäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yrittelisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yritellä
yrittelisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yrittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yrittelisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yrittelisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yrittelisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yriteltäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             yritellä
yrittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yritellä
yrittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yrittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yrittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yrittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yrittelisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yriteltäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yrittele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yritelköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yritelkäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yritelkää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yritelkööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yriteltäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yritellä
yrittele                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yritelkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yriteltäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yritellä
yritellä                                :Inf1:                    yritellä
yritelläkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yritellä
yritellessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yritellä
yriteltäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yritellä
yritellen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yritellä
yrittelemässä                           :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yritellä
yrittelemästä                           :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yritellä
yrittelemään                            :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yritellä
yrittelemällä                           :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yritellä
yrittelemättä                           :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yritellä
yrittelemän                             :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yritellä
yriteltämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yritellä
yritteleminen                           :Inf4:Nom:                yritellä
yrittelemistä                           :Inf4:Par:                yritellä
yrittelemäisillään                      :Inf5:                    yritellä
yrittelevä                              :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yritellä
yriteltävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yritellä
yritellyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             yritellä
yritelty                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             yritellä
yrittelemä                              :Cip:Age:                 yritellä
yrittelemätön                           :Cip:Age:Neg:             yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yritelty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yritelty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yritellyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yritellä
yritellyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yritellyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yritelty                                :Con:Per:Pas:             yritellä
yritellyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelty                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yritellyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yritellä
yritellyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yritellä
yritellyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yritelty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             yritellä
yritellyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yritellä
yritellyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yritellyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yritellä
yritelleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yritellä
yritelty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             yritellä
yritellyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelleet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yritellä
yritelty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yritellä
yritelmä                                :S:Nom:                   yritelmä
yritelmän                               :S:Gen:                   yritelmä
yritelmää                               :S:Par:                   yritelmä
yritelmässä                             :S:Ine:                   yritelmä
yritelmästä                             :S:Ela:                   yritelmä
yritelmään                              :S:Ill:                   yritelmä
yritelmällä                             :S:Ade:                   yritelmä
yritelmältä                             :S:Abl:                   yritelmä
yritelmälle                             :S:All:                   yritelmä
yritelmänä                              :S:Ess:                   yritelmä
yritelmäksi                             :S:Tra:                   yritelmä
yritelmättä                             :S:Abe:                   yritelmä
yritelmät                               :P:Nom:                   yritelmä
yritelmien                              :P:Gen:                   yritelmä
yritelmäin                              :P:Gen:                   yritelmä
yritelmiä                               :P:Par:                   yritelmä
yritelmissä                             :P:Ine:                   yritelmä
yritelmistä                             :P:Ela:                   yritelmä
yritelmiin                              :P:Ill:                   yritelmä
yritelmillä                             :P:Ade:                   yritelmä
yritelmiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yritelmä
yritelmille                             :P:All:                   yritelmä
yritelminä                              :P:Ess:                   yritelmä
yritelmiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yritelmä
yritelmin                               :P:Ins:                   yritelmä
yritelmittä                             :P:Abe:                   yritelmä
yritelmine                              :P:Kom:                   yritelmä
yritteliäisyys                          :S:Nom:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyden                        :S:Gen:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyttä                        :S:Par:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyydessä                      :S:Ine:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyydestä                      :S:Ela:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyteen                       :S:Ill:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyydellä                      :S:Ade:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyydeltä                      :S:Abl:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyydelle                      :S:All:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyytenä                       :S:Ess:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyydeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyttä                        :S:Abe:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyydet                        :P:Nom:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksien                      :P:Gen:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksiä                       :P:Par:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksissä                     :P:Ine:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksistä                     :P:Ela:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksillä                     :P:Ade:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksiltä                     :P:Abl:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksille                     :P:All:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksinä                      :P:Ess:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksin                       :P:Ins:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksittä                     :P:Abe:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäisyyksine                      :P:Kom:                   yritteliäisyys
yritteliäs                              :S:Nom:                   yritteliäs
yritteliään                             :S:Gen:                   yritteliäs
yritteliästä                            :S:Par:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäässä                           :S:Ine:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäästä                           :S:Ela:                   yritteliäs
yritteliääseen                          :S:Ill:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäällä                           :S:Ade:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäältä                           :S:Abl:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäälle                           :S:All:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäänä                            :S:Ess:                   yritteliäs
yritteliääksi                           :S:Tra:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäättä                           :S:Abe:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäät                             :P:Nom:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäiden                           :P:Gen:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäitten                          :P:Gen:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäitä                            :P:Par:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäissä                           :P:Ine:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäistä                           :P:Ela:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäisiin                          :P:Ill:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäillä                           :P:Ade:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäille                           :P:All:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäinä                            :P:Ess:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäin                             :P:Ins:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäittä                           :P:Abe:                   yritteliäs
yritteliäine                            :P:Kom:                   yritteliäs
yrittäjyys                              :S:Nom:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyden                            :S:Gen:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyttä                            :S:Par:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyydessä                          :S:Ine:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyydestä                          :S:Ela:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyteen                           :S:Ill:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyydellä                          :S:Ade:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyydeltä                          :S:Abl:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyydelle                          :S:All:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyytenä                           :S:Ess:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyydeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyttä                            :S:Abe:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyydet                            :P:Nom:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksien                          :P:Gen:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksiä                           :P:Par:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksissä                         :P:Ine:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksistä                         :P:Ela:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksiin                          :P:Ill:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksillä                         :P:Ade:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksille                         :P:All:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksinä                          :P:Ess:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksin                           :P:Ins:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksittä                         :P:Abe:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjyyksine                          :P:Kom:                   yrittäjyys
yrittäjä                                :S:Nom:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjän                               :S:Gen:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjää                               :S:Par:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjässä                             :S:Ine:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjästä                             :S:Ela:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjään                              :S:Ill:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjällä                             :S:Ade:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjältä                             :S:Abl:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjälle                             :S:All:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjänä                              :S:Ess:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjäksi                             :S:Tra:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjättä                             :S:Abe:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjät                               :P:Nom:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjien                              :P:Gen:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjäin                              :P:Gen:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjiä                               :P:Par:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjissä                             :P:Ine:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjistä                             :P:Ela:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjiin                              :P:Ill:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjillä                             :P:Ade:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjille                             :P:All:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjinä                              :P:Ess:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjin                               :P:Ins:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjittä                             :P:Abe:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjine                              :P:Kom:                   yrittäjä
yrittäjäeläke                           :S:Nom:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeen                        :S:Gen:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkettä                        :S:Par:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeessä                      :S:Ine:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeestä                      :S:Ela:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeeseen                     :S:Ill:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeellä                      :S:Ade:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeeltä                      :S:Abl:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeelle                      :S:All:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeenä                       :S:Ess:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeeksi                      :S:Tra:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeettä                      :S:Abe:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeet                        :P:Nom:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeiden                      :P:Gen:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkeitten                      :P:Gen:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeitä                       :P:Par:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeissä                      :P:Ine:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeistä                      :P:Ela:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeisiin                     :P:Ill:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeihin                      :P:Ill:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeillä                      :P:Ade:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeiltä                      :P:Abl:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeille                      :P:All:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeinä                       :P:Ess:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkein                        :P:Ins:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeittä                      :P:Abe:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjäeläkkeine                       :P:Kom:                   yrittäjäeläke
yrittäjänpalkka                         :S:Nom:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkan                         :S:Gen:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkaa                        :S:Par:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkassa                       :S:Ine:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkasta                       :S:Ela:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkaan                       :S:Ill:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkalla                       :S:Ade:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkalta                       :S:Abl:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkalle                       :S:All:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkana                       :S:Ess:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkaksi                       :S:Tra:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkatta                       :S:Abe:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkat                         :P:Nom:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkojen                      :P:Gen:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkain                       :P:Gen:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkoja                       :P:Par:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkoista                      :P:Ela:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkoihin                     :P:Ill:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkoille                      :P:All:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkoina                      :P:Ess:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkoin                        :P:Ins:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjänpalkkoine                      :P:Kom:                   yrittäjänpalkka
yrittäjäntulo                           :S:Nom:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulon                          :S:Gen:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloa                          :S:Par:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulossa                        :S:Ine:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulosta                        :S:Ela:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloon                         :S:Ill:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulolla                        :S:Ade:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulolta                        :S:Abl:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulolle                        :S:All:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulona                         :S:Ess:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloksi                        :S:Tra:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulotta                        :S:Abe:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulot                          :P:Nom:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntulojen                        :P:Gen:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloja                         :P:Par:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloissa                       :P:Ine:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloista                       :P:Ela:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloihin                       :P:Ill:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloilla                       :P:Ade:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloilta                       :P:Abl:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloille                       :P:All:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloina                        :P:Ess:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloin                         :P:Ins:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloitta                       :P:Abe:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjäntuloine                        :P:Kom:                   yrittäjäntulo
yrittäjänvoitto                         :S:Nom:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoiton                         :S:Gen:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoittoa                        :S:Par:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitossa                       :S:Ine:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitosta                       :S:Ela:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoittoon                       :S:Ill:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitolla                       :S:Ade:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitolta                       :S:Abl:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitolle                       :S:All:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoittona                       :S:Ess:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoksi                       :S:Tra:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitotta                       :S:Abe:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitot                         :P:Nom:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoittojen                      :P:Gen:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoittoja                       :P:Par:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoista                      :P:Ela:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoittoihin                     :P:Ill:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoille                      :P:All:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoittoina                      :P:Ess:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoin                        :P:Ins:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoitoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittäjänvoittoine                      :P:Kom:                   yrittäjänvoitto
yrittämishalu                           :S:Nom:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalun                          :S:Gen:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalua                          :S:Par:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalussa                        :S:Ine:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalusta                        :S:Ela:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluun                         :S:Ill:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalulla                        :S:Ade:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalulta                        :S:Abl:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalulle                        :S:All:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluna                         :S:Ess:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluksi                        :S:Tra:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalutta                        :S:Abe:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalut                          :P:Nom:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishalujen                        :P:Gen:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluja                         :P:Par:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluissa                       :P:Ine:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluista                       :P:Ela:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluihin                       :P:Ill:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluilla                       :P:Ade:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluilta                       :P:Abl:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluille                       :P:All:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluina                        :P:Ess:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluin                         :P:Ins:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluitta                       :P:Abe:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämishaluine                        :P:Kom:                   yrittämishalu
yrittämä                                :S:Nom:                   yrittämä
yrittämän                               :S:Gen:                   yrittämä
yrittämää                               :S:Par:                   yrittämä
yrittämässä                             :S:Ine:                   yrittämä
yrittämästä                             :S:Ela:                   yrittämä
yrittämään                              :S:Ill:                   yrittämä
yrittämällä                             :S:Ade:                   yrittämä
yrittämältä                             :S:Abl:                   yrittämä
yrittämälle                             :S:All:                   yrittämä
yrittämänä                              :S:Ess:                   yrittämä
yrittämäksi                             :S:Tra:                   yrittämä
yrittämättä                             :S:Abe:                   yrittämä
yrittämät                               :P:Nom:                   yrittämä
yrittämien                              :P:Gen:                   yrittämä
yrittämäin                              :P:Gen:                   yrittämä
yrittämiä                               :P:Par:                   yrittämä
yrittämissä                             :P:Ine:                   yrittämä
yrittämistä                             :P:Ela:                   yrittämä
yrittämiin                              :P:Ill:                   yrittämä
yrittämillä                             :P:Ade:                   yrittämä
yrittämiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yrittämä
yrittämille                             :P:All:                   yrittämä
yrittäminä                              :P:Ess:                   yrittämä
yrittämiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yrittämä
yrittämin                               :P:Ins:                   yrittämä
yrittämittä                             :P:Abe:                   yrittämä
yrittämine                              :P:Kom:                   yrittämä
yritän                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrittää
yrität                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yrittää                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yritämme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yritätte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittävät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritetään                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yrittää
yritä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrittää
yritä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yritä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yritä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yritä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yritä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritetä                                 :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yritin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yrittää
yritit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yritti                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yritimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yrititte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritettiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritetty                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yrittänen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrittää
yrittänet                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yrittänee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yrittänemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yrittänette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittänevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritettäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yrittää
yrittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäne                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritettäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yrittäisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrittää
yrittäisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yrittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yrittäisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yrittäisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittäisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritettäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             yrittää
yrittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritettäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yritä                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yrittäköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yrittäkäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yrittäkää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittäkööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritettäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yrittää
yritä                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäkö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritettäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yrittää
yrittää                                 :Inf1:                    yrittää
yrittääkseen                            :Inf1:L:                  yrittää
yrittäessä                              :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yrittää
yritettäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yrittää
yrittäen                                :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yrittää
yrittämässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yrittää
yrittämästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yrittää
yrittämään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yrittää
yrittämällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yrittää
yrittämättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yrittää
yrittämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yrittää
yritettämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yrittää
yrittäminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                yrittää
yrittämistä                             :Inf4:Par:                yrittää
yrittämäisillään                        :Inf5:                    yrittää
yrittävä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yrittää
yritettävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             yrittää
yritetty                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             yrittää
yrittämä                                :Cip:Age:                 yrittää
yrittämätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritetty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritetty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritetty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritetty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritetty                                :Con:Per:Pas:             yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritetty                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritetty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritetty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yrittää
yritetty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             yrittää
yrittänyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrittää
yrittäneet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrittää
yritetty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrittää
yritys                                  :S:Nom:                   yritys
yrityksen                               :S:Gen:                   yritys
yritystä                                :S:Par:                   yritys
yrityksessä                             :S:Ine:                   yritys
yrityksestä                             :S:Ela:                   yritys
yritykseen                              :S:Ill:                   yritys
yrityksellä                             :S:Ade:                   yritys
yritykseltä                             :S:Abl:                   yritys
yritykselle                             :S:All:                   yritys
yrityksenä                              :S:Ess:                   yritys
yritykseksi                             :S:Tra:                   yritys
yrityksettä                             :S:Abe:                   yritys
yritykset                               :P:Nom:                   yritys
yritysten                               :P:Gen:                   yritys
yrityksien                              :P:Gen:                   yritys
yrityksiä                               :P:Par:                   yritys
yrityksissä                             :P:Ine:                   yritys
yrityksistä                             :P:Ela:                   yritys
yrityksiin                              :P:Ill:                   yritys
yrityksillä                             :P:Ade:                   yritys
yrityksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yritys
yrityksille                             :P:All:                   yritys
yrityksinä                              :P:Ess:                   yritys
yrityksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yritys
yrityksin                               :P:Ins:                   yritys
yrityksittä                             :P:Abe:                   yritys
yrityksine                              :P:Kom:                   yritys
yritysasiakas                           :S:Nom:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaan                         :S:Gen:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakasta                         :S:Par:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaassa                       :S:Ine:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaasta                       :S:Ela:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaaseen                      :S:Ill:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaalla                       :S:Ade:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaalta                       :S:Abl:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaalle                       :S:All:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaana                        :S:Ess:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaaksi                       :S:Tra:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaatta                       :S:Abe:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaat                         :P:Nom:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaiden                       :P:Gen:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakaitten                       :P:Gen:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaita                        :P:Par:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaissa                       :P:Ine:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaista                       :P:Ela:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaisiin                      :P:Ill:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkailla                       :P:Ade:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkailta                       :P:Abl:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaille                       :P:All:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaina                        :P:Ess:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkain                         :P:Ins:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaitta                       :P:Abe:                   yritysasiakas
yritysasiakkaine                        :P:Kom:                   yritysasiakas
yritysauto                              :S:Nom:                   yritysauto
yritysauton                             :S:Gen:                   yritysauto
yritysautoa                             :S:Par:                   yritysauto
yritysautossa                           :S:Ine:                   yritysauto
yritysautosta                           :S:Ela:                   yritysauto
yritysautoon                            :S:Ill:                   yritysauto
yritysautolla                           :S:Ade:                   yritysauto
yritysautolta                           :S:Abl:                   yritysauto
yritysautolle                           :S:All:                   yritysauto
yritysautona                            :S:Ess:                   yritysauto
yritysautoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yritysauto
yritysautotta                           :S:Abe:                   yritysauto
yritysautot                             :P:Nom:                   yritysauto
yritysautojen                           :P:Gen:                   yritysauto
yritysautoja                            :P:Par:                   yritysauto
yritysautoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yritysauto
yritysautoista                          :P:Ela:                   yritysauto
yritysautoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yritysauto
yritysautoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yritysauto
yritysautoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yritysauto
yritysautoille                          :P:All:                   yritysauto
yritysautoina                           :P:Ess:                   yritysauto
yritysautoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yritysauto
yritysautoin                            :P:Ins:                   yritysauto
yritysautoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yritysauto
yritysautoine                           :P:Kom:                   yritysauto
yritysdemokratia                        :S:Nom:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratian                       :S:Gen:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiaa                       :S:Par:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiassa                     :S:Ine:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiasta                     :S:Ela:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiaan                      :S:Ill:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratialla                     :S:Ade:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratialta                     :S:Abl:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratialle                     :S:All:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiana                      :S:Ess:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiaksi                     :S:Tra:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiatta                     :S:Abe:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiat                       :P:Nom:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioiden                    :P:Gen:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioitten                   :P:Gen:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratiain                      :P:Gen:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioita                     :P:Par:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioissa                    :P:Ine:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioista                    :P:Ela:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioihin                    :P:Ill:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioilla                    :P:Ade:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioilta                    :P:Abl:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioille                    :P:All:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioina                     :P:Ess:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioin                      :P:Ins:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioitta                    :P:Abe:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysdemokratioine                     :P:Kom:                   yritysdemokratia
yritysjohtaja                           :S:Nom:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajan                          :S:Gen:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajaa                          :S:Par:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajassa                        :S:Ine:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajasta                        :S:Ela:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajaan                         :S:Ill:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajalla                        :S:Ade:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajalta                        :S:Abl:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajalle                        :S:All:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajana                         :S:Ess:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajatta                        :S:Abe:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajat                          :P:Nom:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajien                         :P:Gen:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajain                         :P:Gen:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajia                          :P:Par:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajissa                        :P:Ine:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajista                        :P:Ela:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajiin                         :P:Ill:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajilla                        :P:Ade:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajilta                        :P:Abl:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajille                        :P:All:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajina                         :P:Ess:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajin                          :P:Ins:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajitta                        :P:Abe:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohtajine                         :P:Kom:                   yritysjohtaja
yritysjohto                             :S:Nom:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdon                            :S:Gen:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohtoa                            :S:Par:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdossa                          :S:Ine:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdosta                          :S:Ela:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohtoon                           :S:Ill:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdolla                          :S:Ade:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdolta                          :S:Abl:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdolle                          :S:All:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohtona                           :S:Ess:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoksi                          :S:Tra:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdotta                          :S:Abe:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdot                            :P:Nom:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohtojen                          :P:Gen:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohtoja                           :P:Par:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoista                         :P:Ela:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohtoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoille                         :P:All:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohtoina                          :P:Ess:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoin                           :P:Ins:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohdoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yritysjohto
yritysjohtoine                          :P:Kom:                   yritysjohto
yrityskauppa                            :S:Nom:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupan                            :S:Gen:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppaa                           :S:Par:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupassa                          :S:Ine:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupasta                          :S:Ela:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppaan                          :S:Ill:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupalla                          :S:Ade:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupalta                          :S:Abl:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupalle                          :S:All:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppana                          :S:Ess:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupatta                          :S:Abe:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupat                            :P:Nom:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppojen                         :P:Gen:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppain                          :P:Gen:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppoja                          :P:Par:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupoista                         :P:Ela:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppoihin                        :P:Ill:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupoille                         :P:All:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppoina                         :P:Ess:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupoin                           :P:Ins:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskaupoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskauppoine                         :P:Kom:                   yrityskauppa
yrityskulttuuri                         :S:Nom:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurin                        :S:Gen:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuuria                        :S:Par:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurissa                      :S:Ine:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurista                      :S:Ela:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuuriin                       :S:Ill:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurilla                      :S:Ade:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurilta                      :S:Abl:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurille                      :S:All:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurina                       :S:Ess:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuuriksi                      :S:Tra:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuuritta                      :S:Abe:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurit                        :P:Nom:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurien                       :P:Gen:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureiden                     :P:Gen:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureitten                    :P:Gen:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureja                       :P:Par:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureita                      :P:Par:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureissa                     :P:Ine:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureista                     :P:Ela:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureihin                     :P:Ill:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureilla                     :P:Ade:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureilta                     :P:Abl:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureille                     :P:All:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureina                      :P:Ess:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuurein                       :P:Ins:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureitta                     :P:Abe:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskulttuureine                      :P:Kom:                   yrityskulttuuri
yrityskuolema                           :S:Nom:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuoleman                          :S:Gen:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemaa                          :S:Par:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemassa                        :S:Ine:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemasta                        :S:Ela:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemaan                         :S:Ill:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemalla                        :S:Ade:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemalta                        :S:Abl:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemalle                        :S:All:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemana                         :S:Ess:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolematta                        :S:Abe:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemat                          :P:Nom:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemien                         :P:Gen:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemain                         :P:Gen:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemia                          :P:Par:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemissa                        :P:Ine:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemista                        :P:Ela:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemiin                         :P:Ill:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemilla                        :P:Ade:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemilta                        :P:Abl:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemille                        :P:All:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemina                         :P:Ess:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemin                          :P:Ins:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemitta                        :P:Abe:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuolemine                         :P:Kom:                   yrityskuolema
yrityskuva                              :S:Nom:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvan                             :S:Gen:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvaa                             :S:Par:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvassa                           :S:Ine:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvasta                           :S:Ela:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvaan                            :S:Ill:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvalla                           :S:Ade:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvalta                           :S:Abl:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvalle                           :S:All:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvana                            :S:Ess:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvatta                           :S:Abe:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvat                             :P:Nom:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvien                            :P:Gen:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvain                            :P:Gen:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvia                             :P:Par:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvissa                           :P:Ine:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvista                           :P:Ela:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuviin                            :P:Ill:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvilla                           :P:Ade:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvilta                           :P:Abl:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuville                           :P:All:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvina                            :P:Ess:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuviksi                           :P:Tra:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvin                             :P:Ins:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvitta                           :P:Abe:                   yrityskuva
yrityskuvine                            :P:Kom:                   yrityskuva
yritysmuoto                             :S:Nom:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodon                            :S:Gen:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuotoa                            :S:Par:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodossa                          :S:Ine:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodosta                          :S:Ela:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuotoon                           :S:Ill:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodolla                          :S:Ade:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodolta                          :S:Abl:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodolle                          :S:All:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuotona                           :S:Ess:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoksi                          :S:Tra:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodotta                          :S:Abe:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodot                            :P:Nom:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuotojen                          :P:Gen:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuotoja                           :P:Par:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoissa                         :P:Ine:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoista                         :P:Ela:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuotoihin                         :P:Ill:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoilla                         :P:Ade:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoilta                         :P:Abl:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoille                         :P:All:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuotoina                          :P:Ess:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoin                           :P:Ins:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuodoitta                         :P:Abe:                   yritysmuoto
yritysmuotoine                          :P:Kom:                   yritysmuoto
yritysosto                              :S:Nom:                   yritysosto
yritysoston                             :S:Gen:                   yritysosto
yritysostoa                             :S:Par:                   yritysosto
yritysostossa                           :S:Ine:                   yritysosto
yritysostosta                           :S:Ela:                   yritysosto
yritysostoon                            :S:Ill:                   yritysosto
yritysostolla                           :S:Ade:                   yritysosto
yritysostolta                           :S:Abl:                   yritysosto
yritysostolle                           :S:All:                   yritysosto
yritysostona                            :S:Ess:                   yritysosto
yritysostoksi                           :S:Tra:                   yritysosto
yritysostotta                           :S:Abe:                   yritysosto
yritysostot                             :P:Nom:                   yritysosto
yritysostojen                           :P:Gen:                   yritysosto
yritysostoja                            :P:Par:                   yritysosto
yritysostoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yritysosto
yritysostoista                          :P:Ela:                   yritysosto
yritysostoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yritysosto
yritysostoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yritysosto
yritysostoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yritysosto
yritysostoille                          :P:All:                   yritysosto
yritysostoina                           :P:Ess:                   yritysosto
yritysostoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yritysosto
yritysostoin                            :P:Ins:                   yritysosto
yritysostoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yritysosto
yritysostoine                           :P:Kom:                   yritysosto
yrityspankki                            :S:Nom:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankin                            :S:Gen:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankkia                           :S:Par:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankissa                          :S:Ine:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankista                          :S:Ela:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankkiin                          :S:Ill:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankilla                          :S:Ade:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankilta                          :S:Abl:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankille                          :S:All:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankkina                          :S:Ess:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankiksi                          :S:Tra:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankitta                          :S:Abe:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankit                            :P:Nom:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankkien                          :P:Gen:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankkeja                          :P:Par:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankeissa                         :P:Ine:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankeista                         :P:Ela:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankkeihin                        :P:Ill:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankeilla                         :P:Ade:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankeilta                         :P:Abl:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankeille                         :P:All:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankkeina                         :P:Ess:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankein                           :P:Ins:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankeitta                         :P:Abe:                   yrityspankki
yrityspankkeine                         :P:Kom:                   yrityspankki
yritysriski                             :S:Nom:                   yritysriski
yritysriskin                            :S:Gen:                   yritysriski
yritysriskiä                            :S:Par:                   yritysriski
yritysriskissä                          :S:Ine:                   yritysriski
yritysriskistä                          :S:Ela:                   yritysriski
yritysriskiin                           :S:Ill:                   yritysriski
yritysriskillä                          :S:Ade:                   yritysriski
yritysriskiltä                          :S:Abl:                   yritysriski
yritysriskille                          :S:All:                   yritysriski
yritysriskinä                           :S:Ess:                   yritysriski
yritysriskiksi                          :S:Tra:                   yritysriski
yritysriskittä                          :S:Abe:                   yritysriski
yritysriskit                            :P:Nom:                   yritysriski
yritysriskien                           :P:Gen:                   yritysriski
yritysriskejä                           :P:Par:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeissä                         :P:Ine:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeistä                         :P:Ela:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeihin                         :P:Ill:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeillä                         :P:Ade:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeille                         :P:All:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeinä                          :P:Ess:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yritysriski
yritysriskein                           :P:Ins:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeittä                         :P:Abe:                   yritysriski
yritysriskeine                          :P:Kom:                   yritysriski
yrityssaneeraus                         :S:Nom:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksen                      :S:Gen:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerausta                       :S:Par:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksessa                    :S:Ine:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksesta                    :S:Ela:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneeraukseen                     :S:Ill:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksella                    :S:Ade:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneeraukselta                    :S:Abl:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneeraukselle                    :S:All:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksena                     :S:Ess:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneeraukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksetta                    :S:Abe:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneeraukset                      :P:Nom:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerausten                      :P:Gen:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksien                     :P:Gen:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksia                      :P:Par:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksissa                    :P:Ine:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksista                    :P:Ela:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksilla                    :P:Ade:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksilta                    :P:Abl:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksille                    :P:All:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksina                     :P:Ess:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksin                      :P:Ins:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksitta                    :P:Abe:                   yrityssaneeraus
yrityssaneerauksine                     :P:Kom:                   yrityssaneeraus
yritystalous                            :S:Nom:                   yritystalous
yritystalouden                          :S:Gen:                   yritystalous
yritystaloutta                          :S:Par:                   yritystalous
yritystaloudessa                        :S:Ine:                   yritystalous
yritystaloudesta                        :S:Ela:                   yritystalous
yritystalouteen                         :S:Ill:                   yritystalous
yritystaloudella                        :S:Ade:                   yritystalous
yritystaloudelta                        :S:Abl:                   yritystalous
yritystaloudelle                        :S:All:                   yritystalous
yritystaloutena                         :S:Ess:                   yritystalous
yritystaloudeksi                        :S:Tra:                   yritystalous
yritystaloutta                          :S:Abe:                   yritystalous
yritystaloudet                          :P:Nom:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksien                        :P:Gen:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksia                         :P:Par:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksista                       :P:Ela:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksille                       :P:All:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksina                        :P:Ess:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksin                         :P:Ins:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yritystalous
yritystalouksine                        :P:Kom:                   yritystalous
yritystoiminta                          :S:Nom:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnan                         :S:Gen:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintaa                         :S:Par:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnassa                       :S:Ine:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnasta                       :S:Ela:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintaan                        :S:Ill:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnalla                       :S:Ade:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnalta                       :S:Abl:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnalle                       :S:All:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintana                        :S:Ess:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnaksi                       :S:Tra:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnatta                       :S:Abe:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnat                         :P:Nom:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintojen                       :P:Gen:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintain                        :P:Gen:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintoja                        :P:Par:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnoissa                      :P:Ine:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnoista                      :P:Ela:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintoihin                      :P:Ill:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnoilla                      :P:Ade:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnoilta                      :P:Abl:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnoille                      :P:All:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintoina                       :P:Ess:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnoiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnoin                        :P:Ins:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoiminnoitta                      :P:Abe:                   yritystoiminta
yritystoimintoine                       :P:Kom:                   yritystoiminta
yritystutkija                           :S:Nom:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijan                          :S:Gen:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijaa                          :S:Par:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijassa                        :S:Ine:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijasta                        :S:Ela:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijaan                         :S:Ill:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijalla                        :S:Ade:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijalta                        :S:Abl:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijalle                        :S:All:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijana                         :S:Ess:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijaksi                        :S:Tra:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijatta                        :S:Abe:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijat                          :P:Nom:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoiden                       :P:Gen:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoitten                      :P:Gen:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijain                         :P:Gen:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoita                        :P:Par:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoissa                       :P:Ine:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoista                       :P:Ela:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoilla                       :P:Ade:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoilta                       :P:Abl:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoille                       :P:All:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoina                        :P:Ess:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoin                         :P:Ins:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoitta                       :P:Abe:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkijoine                        :P:Kom:                   yritystutkija
yritystutkimus                          :S:Nom:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksen                       :S:Gen:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimusta                        :S:Par:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksessa                     :S:Ine:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksesta                     :S:Ela:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimukseen                      :S:Ill:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksella                     :S:Ade:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimukselta                     :S:Abl:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimukselle                     :S:All:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksena                      :S:Ess:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimukseksi                     :S:Tra:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksetta                     :S:Abe:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimukset                       :P:Nom:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimusten                       :P:Gen:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksien                      :P:Gen:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksia                       :P:Par:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksissa                     :P:Ine:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksista                     :P:Ela:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksiin                      :P:Ill:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksilla                     :P:Ade:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksilta                     :P:Abl:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksille                     :P:All:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksina                      :P:Ess:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksiksi                     :P:Tra:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksin                       :P:Ins:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksitta                     :P:Abe:                   yritystutkimus
yritystutkimuksine                      :P:Kom:                   yritystutkimus
yritysvaltaus                           :S:Nom:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksen                        :S:Gen:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltausta                         :S:Par:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksessa                      :S:Ine:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksesta                      :S:Ela:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltaukseen                       :S:Ill:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksella                      :S:Ade:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltaukselta                      :S:Abl:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltaukselle                      :S:All:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksena                       :S:Ess:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltaukseksi                      :S:Tra:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksetta                      :S:Abe:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltaukset                        :P:Nom:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltausten                        :P:Gen:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksien                       :P:Gen:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksia                        :P:Par:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksissa                      :P:Ine:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksista                      :P:Ela:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksiin                       :P:Ill:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksilla                      :P:Ade:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksilta                      :P:Abl:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksille                      :P:All:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksina                       :P:Ess:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksin                        :P:Ins:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksitta                      :P:Abe:                   yritysvaltaus
yritysvaltauksine                       :P:Kom:                   yritysvaltaus
yrjö                                    :S:Nom:                   yrjö
yrjön                                   :S:Gen:                   yrjö
yrjöä                                   :S:Par:                   yrjö
yrjössä                                 :S:Ine:                   yrjö
yrjöstä                                 :S:Ela:                   yrjö
yrjöön                                  :S:Ill:                   yrjö
yrjöllä                                 :S:Ade:                   yrjö
yrjöltä                                 :S:Abl:                   yrjö
yrjölle                                 :S:All:                   yrjö
yrjönä                                  :S:Ess:                   yrjö
yrjöksi                                 :S:Tra:                   yrjö
yrjöttä                                 :S:Abe:                   yrjö
yrjöt                                   :P:Nom:                   yrjö
yrjöjen                                 :P:Gen:                   yrjö
yrjöjä                                  :P:Par:                   yrjö
yrjöissä                                :P:Ine:                   yrjö
yrjöistä                                :P:Ela:                   yrjö
yrjöihin                                :P:Ill:                   yrjö
yrjöillä                                :P:Ade:                   yrjö
yrjöiltä                                :P:Abl:                   yrjö
yrjöille                                :P:All:                   yrjö
yrjöinä                                 :P:Ess:                   yrjö
yrjöiksi                                :P:Tra:                   yrjö
yrjöin                                  :P:Ins:                   yrjö
yrjöittä                                :P:Abe:                   yrjö
yrjöine                                 :P:Kom:                   yrjö
yrjötän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrjöttää
yrjötät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjötämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjötätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjötin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yrjöttää
yrjötit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjötti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjötimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjötitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjöttänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjöttäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjötä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjötä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttää                                :Inf1:                    yrjöttää
yrjöttääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yrjöttää
yrjöttäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yrjöttää
yrjötettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yrjöttää
yrjöttäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yrjöttää
yrjöttämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yrjöttää
yrjöttämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yrjöttää
yrjöttämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yrjöttää
yrjöttämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yrjöttää
yrjöttämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yrjöttää
yrjöttämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yrjöttää
yrjötettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yrjöttää
yrjöttäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yrjöttää
yrjöttämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yrjöttää
yrjöttämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yrjöttää
yrjöttävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yrjöttää
yrjötettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yrjöttää
yrjöttämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             yrjöttää
yrjöttänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjöttäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjöttää
yrjötetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrjöttää
yrjöän                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjöät                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjöää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjöämme                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjöätte                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjöävät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjötään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjöä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöä                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrjösin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjösit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjösi                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjösimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjösitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjösivät                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjöttiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrjönnen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjönnet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjönnee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjönnemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjönnette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjönnevät                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjöttäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjöne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrjöäisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjöisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjöäisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjöisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjöäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjöisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjöäisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjöisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjöäisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjöisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjöäisivät                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjöisivät                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjöttäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjöäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrjöä                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjötköön                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjötkäämme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjötkää                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjötkööt                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjöttäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjöä                                   :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjöttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjötä                                  :Inf1:                    yrjötä
yrjötäkseen                             :Inf1:L:                  yrjötä
yrjötessä                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yrjötä
yrjöttäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yrjötä
yrjöten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yrjötä
yrjöämässä                              :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yrjötä
yrjöämästä                              :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yrjötä
yrjöämään                               :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yrjötä
yrjöämällä                              :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yrjötä
yrjöämättä                              :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yrjötä
yrjöämän                                :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yrjötä
yrjöttämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yrjötä
yrjöäminen                              :Inf4:Nom:                yrjötä
yrjöämistä                              :Inf4:Par:                yrjötä
yrjöämäisillään                         :Inf5:                    yrjötä
yrjöävä                                 :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yrjötä
yrjöttävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjöämä                                 :Cip:Age:                 yrjötä
yrjöämätön                              :Cip:Age:Neg:             yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             yrjötä
yrjönnyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjönneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yrjötä
yrjötty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yrjötä
yrmeys                                  :S:Nom:                   yrmeys
yrmeyden                                :S:Gen:                   yrmeys
yrmeyttä                                :S:Par:                   yrmeys
yrmeydessä                              :S:Ine:                   yrmeys
yrmeydestä                              :S:Ela:                   yrmeys
yrmeyteen                               :S:Ill:                   yrmeys
yrmeydellä                              :S:Ade:                   yrmeys
yrmeydeltä                              :S:Abl:                   yrmeys
yrmeydelle                              :S:All:                   yrmeys
yrmeytenä                               :S:Ess:                   yrmeys
yrmeydeksi                              :S:Tra:                   yrmeys
yrmeyttä                                :S:Abe:                   yrmeys
yrmeydet                                :P:Nom:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksien                              :P:Gen:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksiä                               :P:Par:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksissä                             :P:Ine:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksistä                             :P:Ela:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksiin                              :P:Ill:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksillä                             :P:Ade:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksille                             :P:All:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksinä                              :P:Ess:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksin                               :P:Ins:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksittä                             :P:Abe:                   yrmeys
yrmeyksine                              :P:Kom:                   yrmeys
yrmeä                                   :S:Nom:                   yrmeä
yrmeän                                  :S:Gen:                   yrmeä
yrmeää                                  :S:Par:                   yrmeä
yrmeässä                                :S:Ine:                   yrmeä
yrmeästä                                :S:Ela:                   yrmeä
yrmeään                                 :S:Ill:                   yrmeä
yrmeällä                                :S:Ade:                   yrmeä
yrmeältä                                :S:Abl:                   yrmeä
yrmeälle                                :S:All:                   yrmeä
yrmeänä                                 :S:Ess:                   yrmeä
yrmeäksi                                :S:Tra:                   yrmeä
yrmeättä                                :S:Abe:                   yrmeä
yrmeät                                  :P:Nom:                   yrmeä
yrmeiden                                :P:Gen:                   yrmeä
yrmeitten                               :P:Gen:                   yrmeä
yrmeäin                                 :P:Gen:                   yrmeä
yrmeitä                                 :P:Par:                   yrmeä
yrmeissä                                :P:Ine:                   yrmeä
yrmeistä                                :P:Ela:                   yrmeä
yrmeisiin                               :P:Ill:                   yrmeä
yrmeihin                                :P:Ill:                   yrmeä
yrmeillä                                :P:Ade:                   yrmeä
yrmeiltä                                :P:Abl:                   yrmeä
yrmeille                                :P:All:                   yrmeä
yrmeinä                                 :P:Ess:                   yrmeä
yrmeiksi                                :P:Tra:                   yrmeä
yrmein                                  :P:Ins:                   yrmeä
yrmeittä                                :P:Abe:                   yrmeä
yrmeine                                 :P:Kom:                   yrmeä
yrtti                                   :S:Nom:                   yrtti
yrtin                                   :S:Gen:                   yrtti
yrttiä                                  :S:Par:                   yrtti
yrtissä                                 :S:Ine:                   yrtti
yrtistä                                 :S:Ela:                   yrtti
yrttiin                                 :S:Ill:                   yrtti
yrtillä                                 :S:Ade:                   yrtti
yrtiltä                                 :S:Abl:                   yrtti
yrtille                                 :S:All:                   yrtti
yrttinä                                 :S:Ess:                   yrtti
yrtiksi                                 :S:Tra:                   yrtti
yrtittä                                 :S:Abe:                   yrtti
yrtit                                   :P:Nom:                   yrtti
yrttien                                 :P:Gen:                   yrtti
yrttejä                                 :P:Par:                   yrtti
yrteissä                                :P:Ine:                   yrtti
yrteistä                                :P:Ela:                   yrtti
yrtteihin                               :P:Ill:                   yrtti
yrteillä                                :P:Ade:                   yrtti
yrteiltä                                :P:Abl:                   yrtti
yrteille                                :P:All:                   yrtti
yrtteinä                                :P:Ess:                   yrtti
yrteiksi                                :P:Tra:                   yrtti
yrtein                                  :P:Ins:                   yrtti
yrteittä                                :P:Abe:                   yrtti
yrtteine                                :P:Kom:                   yrtti
yrttilikööri                            :S:Nom:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörin                           :S:Gen:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööriä                           :S:Par:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörissä                         :S:Ine:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööristä                         :S:Ela:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööriin                          :S:Ill:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörillä                         :S:Ade:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööriltä                         :S:Abl:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörille                         :S:All:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörinä                          :S:Ess:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööriksi                         :S:Tra:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörittä                         :S:Abe:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörit                           :P:Nom:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörien                          :P:Gen:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreiden                        :P:Gen:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreitten                       :P:Gen:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörejä                          :P:Par:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreitä                         :P:Par:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreissä                        :P:Ine:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreistä                        :P:Ela:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreihin                        :P:Ill:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreillä                        :P:Ade:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreille                        :P:All:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreinä                         :P:Ess:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yrttilikööri
yrttiliköörein                          :P:Ins:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreittä                        :P:Abe:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilikööreine                         :P:Kom:                   yrttilikööri
yrttilääke                              :S:Nom:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeen                           :S:Gen:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkettä                           :S:Par:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeessä                         :S:Ine:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeestä                         :S:Ela:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeellä                         :S:Ade:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeelle                         :S:All:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeenä                          :S:Ess:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeettä                         :S:Abe:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeet                           :P:Nom:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeiden                         :P:Gen:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkeitten                         :P:Gen:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeitä                          :P:Par:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeissä                         :P:Ine:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeistä                         :P:Ela:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeihin                         :P:Ill:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeillä                         :P:Ade:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeille                         :P:All:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeinä                          :P:Ess:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkein                           :P:Ins:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeittä                         :P:Abe:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkkeine                          :P:Kom:                   yrttilääke
yrttilääkintä                           :S:Nom:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnän                          :S:Gen:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintää                          :S:Par:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnässä                        :S:Ine:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnästä                        :S:Ela:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintään                         :S:Ill:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnällä                        :S:Ade:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnältä                        :S:Abl:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnälle                        :S:All:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintänä                         :S:Ess:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnäksi                        :S:Tra:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnättä                        :S:Abe:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnät                          :P:Nom:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintöjen                        :P:Gen:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintäin                         :P:Gen:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintöjä                         :P:Par:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnöissä                       :P:Ine:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnöistä                       :P:Ela:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintöihin                       :P:Ill:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnöillä                       :P:Ade:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnöiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnöille                       :P:All:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintöinä                        :P:Ess:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnöiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnöin                         :P:Ins:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkinnöittä                       :P:Abe:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttilääkintöine                        :P:Kom:                   yrttilääkintä
yrttimauste                             :S:Nom:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteen                           :S:Gen:                   yrttimauste
yrttimaustetta                          :S:Par:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteessa                         :S:Ine:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteesta                         :S:Ela:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteella                         :S:Ade:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteelta                         :S:Abl:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteelle                         :S:All:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteena                          :S:Ess:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteetta                         :S:Abe:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteet                           :P:Nom:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteiden                         :P:Gen:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteitten                        :P:Gen:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteita                          :P:Par:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteissa                         :P:Ine:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteista                         :P:Ela:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteihin                         :P:Ill:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteilla                         :P:Ade:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteilta                         :P:Abl:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteille                         :P:All:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteina                          :P:Ess:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yrttimauste
yrttimaustein                           :P:Ins:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteitta                         :P:Abe:                   yrttimauste
yrttimausteine                          :P:Kom:                   yrttimauste
yrttisampoe                             :S:Nom:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoen                            :S:Gen:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoeta                           :S:Par:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoessa                          :S:Ine:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoesta                          :S:Ela:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoehen                          :S:Ill:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoeseen                         :S:Ill:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoella                          :S:Ade:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoelta                          :S:Abl:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoelle                          :S:All:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoena                           :S:Ess:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoetta                          :S:Abe:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoet                            :P:Nom:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoiden                          :P:Gen:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoitten                         :P:Gen:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoita                           :P:Par:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoista                          :P:Ela:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoille                          :P:All:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoina                           :P:Ess:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoin                            :P:Ins:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisampoine                           :P:Kom:                   yrttisampoo
yrttisuola                              :S:Nom:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolan                             :S:Gen:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolaa                             :S:Par:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolassa                           :S:Ine:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolasta                           :S:Ela:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolaan                            :S:Ill:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolalla                           :S:Ade:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolalta                           :S:Abl:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolalle                           :S:All:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolana                            :S:Ess:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolatta                           :S:Abe:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolat                             :P:Nom:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolojen                           :P:Gen:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuolain                            :P:Gen:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloja                            :P:Par:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloissa                          :P:Ine:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloista                          :P:Ela:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloihin                          :P:Ill:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloilla                          :P:Ade:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloilta                          :P:Abl:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloille                          :P:All:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloina                           :P:Ess:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloin                            :P:Ins:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloitta                          :P:Abe:                   yrttisuola
yrttisuoloine                           :P:Kom:                   yrttisuola
yrttitarha                              :S:Nom:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhan                             :S:Gen:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhaa                             :S:Par:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhassa                           :S:Ine:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhasta                           :S:Ela:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhaan                            :S:Ill:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhalla                           :S:Ade:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhalta                           :S:Abl:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhalle                           :S:All:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhana                            :S:Ess:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhatta                           :S:Abe:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhat                             :P:Nom:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhojen                           :P:Gen:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhain                            :P:Gen:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoja                            :P:Par:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoista                          :P:Ela:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoille                          :P:All:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoina                           :P:Ess:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoin                            :P:Ins:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yrttitarha
yrttitarhoine                           :P:Kom:                   yrttitarha
yrttiteä                                :S:Nom:                   yrttitee
yrttiteän                               :S:Gen:                   yrttitee
yrttiteätä                              :S:Par:                   yrttitee
yrttiteässä                             :S:Ine:                   yrttitee
yrttiteästä                             :S:Ela:                   yrttitee
yrttiteähän                             :S:Ill:                   yrttitee
yrttiteällä                             :S:Ade:                   yrttitee
yrttiteältä                             :S:Abl:                   yrttitee
yrttiteälle                             :S:All:                   yrttitee
yrttiteänä                              :S:Ess:                   yrttitee
yrttiteäksi                             :S:Tra:                   yrttitee
yrttiteättä                             :S:Abe:                   yrttitee
yrttiteät                               :P:Nom:                   yrttitee
yrttiteiden                             :P:Gen:                   yrttitee
yrttiteitten                            :P:Gen:                   yrttitee
yrttiteitä                              :P:Par:                   yrttitee
yrttiteissä                             :P:Ine:                   yrttitee
yrttiteistä                             :P:Ela:                   yrttitee
yrttiteihin                             :P:Ill:                   yrttitee
yrttiteillä                             :P:Ade:                   yrttitee
yrttiteiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yrttitee
yrttiteille                             :P:All:                   yrttitee
yrttiteinä                              :P:Ess:                   yrttitee
yrttiteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yrttitee
yrttitein                               :P:Ins:                   yrttitee
yrttiteittä                             :P:Abe:                   yrttitee
yrttiteine                              :P:Kom:                   yrttitee
yrttiuute                               :S:Nom:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteen                            :S:Gen:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutetta                            :S:Par:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteessa                          :S:Ine:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteesta                          :S:Ela:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteella                          :S:Ade:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteelta                          :S:Abl:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteelle                          :S:All:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteena                           :S:Ess:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteetta                          :S:Abe:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteet                            :P:Nom:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteiden                          :P:Gen:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuuteitten                          :P:Gen:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteita                           :P:Par:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteissa                          :P:Ine:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteista                          :P:Ela:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteihin                          :P:Ill:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteilla                          :P:Ade:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteilta                          :P:Abl:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteille                          :P:All:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteina                           :P:Ess:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuuttein                            :P:Ins:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteitta                          :P:Abe:                   yrttiuute
yrttiuutteine                           :P:Kom:                   yrttiuute
ysi                                     :S:Nom:                   ysi
ysin                                    :S:Gen:                   ysi
ysiä                                    :S:Par:                   ysi
ysissä                                  :S:Ine:                   ysi
ysistä                                  :S:Ela:                   ysi
ysiin                                   :S:Ill:                   ysi
ysillä                                  :S:Ade:                   ysi
ysiltä                                  :S:Abl:                   ysi
ysille                                  :S:All:                   ysi
ysinä                                   :S:Ess:                   ysi
ysiksi                                  :S:Tra:                   ysi
ysittä                                  :S:Abe:                   ysi
ysit                                    :P:Nom:                   ysi
ysien                                   :P:Gen:                   ysi
ysejä                                   :P:Par:                   ysi
yseissä                                 :P:Ine:                   ysi
yseistä                                 :P:Ela:                   ysi
yseihin                                 :P:Ill:                   ysi
yseillä                                 :P:Ade:                   ysi
yseiltä                                 :P:Abl:                   ysi
yseille                                 :P:All:                   ysi
yseinä                                  :P:Ess:                   ysi
yseiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   ysi
ysein                                   :P:Ins:                   ysi
yseittä                                 :P:Abe:                   ysi
yseine                                  :P:Kom:                   ysi
yskintä                                 :S:Nom:                   yskintä
yskinnän                                :S:Gen:                   yskintä
yskintää                                :S:Par:                   yskintä
yskinnässä                              :S:Ine:                   yskintä
yskinnästä                              :S:Ela:                   yskintä
yskintään                               :S:Ill:                   yskintä
yskinnällä                              :S:Ade:                   yskintä
yskinnältä                              :S:Abl:                   yskintä
yskinnälle                              :S:All:                   yskintä
yskintänä                               :S:Ess:                   yskintä
yskinnäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yskintä
yskinnättä                              :S:Abe:                   yskintä
yskinnät                                :P:Nom:                   yskintä
yskintöjen                              :P:Gen:                   yskintä
yskintäin                               :P:Gen:                   yskintä
yskintöjä                               :P:Par:                   yskintä
yskinnöissä                             :P:Ine:                   yskintä
yskinnöistä                             :P:Ela:                   yskintä
yskintöihin                             :P:Ill:                   yskintä
yskinnöillä                             :P:Ade:                   yskintä
yskinnöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yskintä
yskinnöille                             :P:All:                   yskintä
yskintöinä                              :P:Ess:                   yskintä
yskinnöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yskintä
yskinnöin                               :P:Ins:                   yskintä
yskinnöittä                             :P:Abe:                   yskintä
yskintöine                              :P:Kom:                   yskintä
yskinä                                  :S:Nom:                   yskinä
yskinän                                 :S:Gen:                   yskinä
yskinää                                 :S:Par:                   yskinä
yskinässä                               :S:Ine:                   yskinä
yskinästä                               :S:Ela:                   yskinä
yskinään                                :S:Ill:                   yskinä
yskinällä                               :S:Ade:                   yskinä
yskinältä                               :S:Abl:                   yskinä
yskinälle                               :S:All:                   yskinä
yskinänä                                :S:Ess:                   yskinä
yskinäksi                               :S:Tra:                   yskinä
yskinättä                               :S:Abe:                   yskinä
yskinät                                 :P:Nom:                   yskinä
yskinöiden                              :P:Gen:                   yskinä
yskinöitten                             :P:Gen:                   yskinä
yskinäin                                :P:Gen:                   yskinä
yskinöitä                               :P:Par:                   yskinä
yskinöissä                              :P:Ine:                   yskinä
yskinöistä                              :P:Ela:                   yskinä
yskinöihin                              :P:Ill:                   yskinä
yskinöillä                              :P:Ade:                   yskinä
yskinöiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yskinä
yskinöille                              :P:All:                   yskinä
yskinöinä                               :P:Ess:                   yskinä
yskinöiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yskinä
yskinöin                                :P:Ins:                   yskinä
yskinöittä                              :P:Abe:                   yskinä
yskinöine                               :P:Kom:                   yskinä
yskiskelen                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelet                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelee                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelemme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelette                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelevät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskellään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskiskelin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskeli                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelivät                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskeltiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskiskellen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskiskellä
yskiskellet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskellee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskellemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskellette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskellevät                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskeltäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskeltäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskiskelisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelisivät                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskeltäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskeltäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskiskele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelköön                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelkäämme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelkää                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelkööt                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskeltäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskeltäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskellä                              :Inf1:                    yskiskellä
yskiskelläkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  yskiskellä
yskiskellessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yskiskellä
yskiskeltäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yskiskellä
yskiskellen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yskiskellä
yskiskelemässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yskiskellä
yskiskelemästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yskiskellä
yskiskelemään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yskiskellä
yskiskelemällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yskiskellä
yskiskelemättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yskiskellä
yskiskelemän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yskiskellä
yskiskeltämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yskiskellä
yskiskeleminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                yskiskellä
yskiskelemistä                          :Inf4:Par:                yskiskellä
yskiskelemäisillään                     :Inf5:                    yskiskellä
yskiskelevä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yskiskellä
yskiskeltävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskelemä                             :Cip:Age:                 yskiskellä
yskiskelemätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yskiskellä
yskiskellyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiskellä
yskiskelty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskiskellä
yskitän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskittää
yskität                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskittää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskitämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskitätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yskittää
yskitä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskittää
yskitä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskitä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskitä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskitä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskitin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yskittää
yskitit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskitti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskitimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskititte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskittänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskittää
yskittänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskittänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskittänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskittänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yskittää
yskittäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskittäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskittää
yskittäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskittäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskittäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskittäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             yskittää
yskittäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskitä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskittäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskittäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskittäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskittää
yskitä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskittää
yskittää                                :Inf1:                    yskittää
yskittääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yskittää
yskittäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yskittää
yskitettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yskittää
yskittäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yskittää
yskittämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yskittää
yskittämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yskittää
yskittämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yskittää
yskittämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yskittää
yskittämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yskittää
yskittämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yskittää
yskitettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yskittää
yskittäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yskittää
yskittämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yskittää
yskittämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yskittää
yskittävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yskittää
yskitettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yskittää
yskitetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             yskittää
yskittämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yskittää
yskittämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yskittää
yskitetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             yskittää
yskittänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskittää
yskittäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskittää
yskitetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskittää
yskin                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskiä
yskit                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yskii                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskimme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskitte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskivät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskitään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yskiä
yski                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiä
yski                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yski                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yski                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yski                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yski                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskitä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yskin                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yskiä
yskit                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yski                                    :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskimme                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskitte                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskivät                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskittiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskitty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yskinen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskiä
yskinet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yskinee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskinemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskinette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskinevät                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskittäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yskiä
yskine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiä
yskine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yskine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yskine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yskine                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskittäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yskisin                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskiä
yskisit                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yskisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskisimme                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskisitte                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskisivät                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskittäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             yskiä
yskisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiä
yskisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yskisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yskisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yskisi                                  :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskittäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yski                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yskiköön                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskikäämme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskikää                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskikööt                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskittäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskiä
yski                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yskikö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskikö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yskikö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yskikö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskittäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskiä
yskiä                                   :Inf1:                    yskiä
yskiäkseen                              :Inf1:L:                  yskiä
yskiesssä                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yskiä
yskittäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yskiä
yskien                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yskiä
yskimässä                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yskiä
yskimästä                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yskiä
yskimään                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yskiä
yskimällä                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yskiä
yskimättä                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yskiä
yskimän                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yskiä
yskittämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yskiä
yskiminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                yskiä
yskimistä                               :Inf4:Par:                yskiä
yskimäisillään                          :Inf5:                    yskiä
yskivä                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yskiä
yskittävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             yskiä
yskitty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             yskiä
yskimä                                  :Cip:Age:                 yskiä
yskimätön                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskitty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskitty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskitty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskitty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskitty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskitty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskitty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskitty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yskiä
yskineet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yskiä
yskitty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             yskiä
yskinyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskiä
yskineet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskiä
yskitty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskiä
yskä                                    :S:Nom:                   yskä
yskän                                   :S:Gen:                   yskä
yskää                                   :S:Par:                   yskä
yskässä                                 :S:Ine:                   yskä
yskästä                                 :S:Ela:                   yskä
yskään                                  :S:Ill:                   yskä
yskällä                                 :S:Ade:                   yskä
yskältä                                 :S:Abl:                   yskä
yskälle                                 :S:All:                   yskä
yskänä                                  :S:Ess:                   yskä
yskäksi                                 :S:Tra:                   yskä
yskättä                                 :S:Abe:                   yskä
yskät                                   :P:Nom:                   yskä
yskien                                  :P:Gen:                   yskä
yskäin                                  :P:Gen:                   yskä
yskiä                                   :P:Par:                   yskä
yskissä                                 :P:Ine:                   yskä
yskistä                                 :P:Ela:                   yskä
yskiin                                  :P:Ill:                   yskä
yskillä                                 :P:Ade:                   yskä
yskiltä                                 :P:Abl:                   yskä
yskille                                 :P:All:                   yskä
yskinä                                  :P:Ess:                   yskä
yskiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   yskä
yskin                                   :P:Ins:                   yskä
yskittä                                 :P:Abe:                   yskä
yskine                                  :P:Kom:                   yskä
yskähtelen                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskähdellä
yskähtelet                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähtelee                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähtelemme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähtelette                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähtelevät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdellään                            :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtele                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellä                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähtelin                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yskähdellä
yskähtelit                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähteli                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähtelimme                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähtelitte                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähtelivät                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdeltiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähdellen                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskähdellä
yskähdellet                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähdellee                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähdellemme                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähdellette                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähdellevät                           :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdeltäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelle                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdeltäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähtelisin                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskähdellä
yskähtelisit                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähtelisimme                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähtelisitte                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähtelisivät                          :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdeltäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähtelisi                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdeltäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähtele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähdelköön                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelkäämme                          :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähdelkää                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähdelkööt                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdeltäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähtele                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelkö                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdeltäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdellä                              :Inf1:                    yskähdellä
yskähdelläkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  yskähdellä
yskähdellessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yskähdellä
yskähdeltäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yskähdellä
yskähdellen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yskähdellä
yskähtelemässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yskähdellä
yskähtelemästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yskähdellä
yskähtelemään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yskähdellä
yskähtelemällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yskähdellä
yskähtelemättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yskähdellä
yskähtelemän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yskähdellä
yskähdeltämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yskähdellä
yskähteleminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                yskähdellä
yskähtelemistä                          :Inf4:Par:                yskähdellä
yskähtelemäisillään                     :Inf5:                    yskähdellä
yskähtelevä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yskähdellä
yskähdeltävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Cip:Per:Akt:             yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähtelemä                             :Cip:Age:                 yskähdellä
yskähtelemätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yskähdellä
yskähdellyt                             :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelleet                            :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähdellä
yskähdelty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskähdellä
yskähdys                                :S:Nom:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksen                             :S:Gen:                   yskähdys
yskähdystä                              :S:Par:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksessä                           :S:Ine:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksestä                           :S:Ela:                   yskähdys
yskähdykseen                            :S:Ill:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksellä                           :S:Ade:                   yskähdys
yskähdykseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yskähdys
yskähdykselle                           :S:All:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksenä                            :S:Ess:                   yskähdys
yskähdykseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksettä                           :S:Abe:                   yskähdys
yskähdykset                             :P:Nom:                   yskähdys
yskähdysten                             :P:Gen:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksien                            :P:Gen:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksiä                             :P:Par:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksissä                           :P:Ine:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksistä                           :P:Ela:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksiin                            :P:Ill:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksillä                           :P:Ade:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksille                           :P:All:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksinä                            :P:Ess:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksin                             :P:Ins:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksittä                           :P:Abe:                   yskähdys
yskähdyksine                            :P:Kom:                   yskähdys
yskähdän                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskähtää
yskähdät                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähtää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähdämme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähdätte                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdetään                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähdä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdä                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdetä                               :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskähdin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yskähtää
yskähdit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähdimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähditte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdettiin                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskähtänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskähtää
yskähtänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähtänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähtänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähtänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdettäneen                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdettäne                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskähtäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskähtää
yskähtäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähtäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähtäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdettäisiin                         :Con:Pre:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdettäisi                           :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskähdä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähtäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähtäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähtäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdettäköön                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähdä                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdettäkö                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtää                                :Inf1:                    yskähtää
yskähtääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yskähtää
yskähtäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yskähtää
yskähdettäessä                          :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yskähtää
yskähtäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yskähtää
yskähtämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yskähtää
yskähtämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yskähtää
yskähtämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yskähtää
yskähtämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yskähtää
yskähtämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yskähtää
yskähtämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yskähtää
yskähdettämän                           :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yskähtää
yskähtäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yskähtää
yskähtämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yskähtää
yskähtämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yskähtää
yskähtävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yskähtää
yskähdettävä                            :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Cip:Per:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yskähtää
yskähtämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:             yskähtää
yskähtänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähtäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskähtää
yskähdetty                              :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskähtää
yskäinen                                :S:Nom:                   yskäinen
yskäisen                                :S:Gen:                   yskäinen
yskäistä                                :S:Par:                   yskäinen
yskäisessä                              :S:Ine:                   yskäinen
yskäisestä                              :S:Ela:                   yskäinen
yskäiseen                               :S:Ill:                   yskäinen
yskäisellä                              :S:Ade:                   yskäinen
yskäiseltä                              :S:Abl:                   yskäinen
yskäiselle                              :S:All:                   yskäinen
yskäisenä                               :S:Ess:                   yskäinen
yskäiseksi                              :S:Tra:                   yskäinen
yskäisettä                              :S:Abe:                   yskäinen
yskäiset                                :P:Nom:                   yskäinen
yskäisten                               :P:Gen:                   yskäinen
yskäisin                                :P:Gen:                   yskäinen
yskäisiä                                :P:Par:                   yskäinen
yskäisissä                              :P:Ine:                   yskäinen
yskäisistä                              :P:Ela:                   yskäinen
yskäisiin                               :P:Ill:                   yskäinen
yskäisillä                              :P:Ade:                   yskäinen
yskäisiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yskäinen
yskäisille                              :P:All:                   yskäinen
yskäisinä                               :P:Ess:                   yskäinen
yskäisiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yskäinen
yskäisin                                :P:Ins:                   yskäinen
yskäisittä                              :P:Abe:                   yskäinen
yskäisine                               :P:Kom:                   yskäinen
yskäisin                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskäistä
yskäiset                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäisee                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäisemme                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäisette                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäisevät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäistään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäise                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäistä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäisin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yskäistä
yskäisit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäisi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäisimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäisitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäisivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäistiin                              :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäissen                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskäistä
yskäisset                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäissee                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäissemme                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäissette                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäissevät                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäistäneen                            :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisse                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäistäne                              :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäisisin                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yskäistä
yskäisisit                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäisisimme                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäisisitte                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäisisivät                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäistäisiin                           :Con:Pre:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisisi                               :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäistäisi                             :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäise                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäisköön                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäiskäämme                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäiskää                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäiskööt                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäistäköön                            :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäise                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäiskö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäiskö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäiskö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäiskö                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäistäkö                              :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäistä                                :Inf1:                    yskäistä
yskäistäkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yskäistä
yskäistessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yskäistä
yskäistäessä                            :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yskäistä
yskäisten                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yskäistä
yskäisemässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yskäistä
yskäisemästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yskäistä
yskäisemään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yskäistä
yskäisemällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yskäistä
yskäisemättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yskäistä
yskäisemän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yskäistä
yskäistämän                             :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yskäistä
yskäiseminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yskäistä
yskäisemistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yskäistä
yskäisemäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yskäistä
yskäisevä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yskäistä
yskäistävä                              :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Cip:Per:Akt:             yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Cip:Per:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäisemä                               :Cip:Age:                 yskäistä
yskäisemätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Con:Per:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:             yskäistä
yskäissyt                               :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisseet                              :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yskäistä
yskäisty                                :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yskäistä
yskäisy                                 :S:Nom:                   yskäisy
yskäisyn                                :S:Gen:                   yskäisy
yskäisyä                                :S:Par:                   yskäisy
yskäisyssä                              :S:Ine:                   yskäisy
yskäisystä                              :S:Ela:                   yskäisy
yskäisyyn                               :S:Ill:                   yskäisy
yskäisyllä                              :S:Ade:                   yskäisy
yskäisyltä                              :S:Abl:                   yskäisy
yskäisylle                              :S:All:                   yskäisy
yskäisynä                               :S:Ess:                   yskäisy
yskäisyksi                              :S:Tra:                   yskäisy
yskäisyttä                              :S:Abe:                   yskäisy
yskäisyt                                :P:Nom:                   yskäisy
yskäisyjen                              :P:Gen:                   yskäisy
yskäisyiden                             :P:Gen:                   yskäisy
yskäisyitten                            :P:Gen:                   yskäisy
yskäisyjä                               :P:Par:                   yskäisy
yskäisyitä                              :P:Par:                   yskäisy
yskäisyissä                             :P:Ine:                   yskäisy
yskäisyistä                             :P:Ela:                   yskäisy
yskäisyihin                             :P:Ill:                   yskäisy
yskäisyillä                             :P:Ade:                   yskäisy
yskäisyiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yskäisy
yskäisyille                             :P:All:                   yskäisy
yskäisyinä                              :P:Ess:                   yskäisy
yskäisyiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yskäisy
yskäisyin                               :P:Ins:                   yskäisy
yskäisyittä                             :P:Abe:                   yskäisy
yskäisyine                              :P:Kom:                   yskäisy
yskäkohtaus                             :S:Nom:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksen                          :S:Gen:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtausta                           :S:Par:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksessa                        :S:Ine:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksesta                        :S:Ela:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtaukseen                         :S:Ill:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksella                        :S:Ade:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtaukselta                        :S:Abl:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtaukselle                        :S:All:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksena                         :S:Ess:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtaukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksetta                        :S:Abe:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtaukset                          :P:Nom:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtausten                          :P:Gen:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksien                         :P:Gen:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksia                          :P:Par:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksista                        :P:Ela:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksille                        :P:All:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksina                         :P:Ess:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksin                          :P:Ins:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yskäkohtaus
yskäkohtauksine                         :P:Kom:                   yskäkohtaus
yskänkohtaus                            :S:Nom:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksen                         :S:Gen:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtausta                          :S:Par:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtaukseen                        :S:Ill:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksella                       :S:Ade:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtaukselta                       :S:Abl:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtaukselle                       :S:All:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksena                        :S:Ess:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtaukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtaukset                         :P:Nom:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtausten                         :P:Gen:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksien                        :P:Gen:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksia                         :P:Par:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksista                       :P:Ela:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksille                       :P:All:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksina                        :P:Ess:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksin                         :P:Ins:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänkohtauksine                        :P:Kom:                   yskänkohtaus
yskänlääke                              :S:Nom:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeen                           :S:Gen:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkettä                           :S:Par:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeessä                         :S:Ine:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeestä                         :S:Ela:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeeseen                        :S:Ill:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeellä                         :S:Ade:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeeltä                         :S:Abl:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeelle                         :S:All:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeenä                          :S:Ess:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeeksi                         :S:Tra:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeettä                         :S:Abe:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeet                           :P:Nom:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeiden                         :P:Gen:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkeitten                         :P:Gen:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeitä                          :P:Par:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeissä                         :P:Ine:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeistä                         :P:Ela:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeisiin                        :P:Ill:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeihin                         :P:Ill:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeillä                         :P:Ade:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeille                         :P:All:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeinä                          :P:Ess:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkein                           :P:Ins:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeittä                         :P:Abe:                   yskänlääke
yskänlääkkeine                          :P:Kom:                   yskänlääke
yskänpuuska                             :S:Nom:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskan                            :S:Gen:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskaa                            :S:Par:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskassa                          :S:Ine:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskasta                          :S:Ela:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskaan                           :S:Ill:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskalla                          :S:Ade:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskalta                          :S:Abl:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskalle                          :S:All:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskana                           :S:Ess:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskatta                          :S:Abe:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskat                            :P:Nom:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskien                           :P:Gen:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskain                           :P:Gen:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskia                            :P:Par:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskissa                          :P:Ine:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskista                          :P:Ela:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskiin                           :P:Ill:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskilla                          :P:Ade:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskilta                          :P:Abl:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskille                          :P:All:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskina                           :P:Ess:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskin                            :P:Ins:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskitta                          :P:Abe:                   yskänpuuska
yskänpuuskine                           :P:Kom:                   yskänpuuska
yskänrefleksi                           :S:Nom:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksin                          :S:Gen:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksiä                          :S:Par:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksissä                        :S:Ine:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksistä                        :S:Ela:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksiin                         :S:Ill:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksillä                        :S:Ade:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksiltä                        :S:Abl:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksille                        :S:All:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksinä                         :S:Ess:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksiksi                        :S:Tra:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksittä                        :S:Abe:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksit                          :P:Nom:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksien                         :P:Gen:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseiden                       :P:Gen:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseitten                      :P:Gen:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksejä                         :P:Par:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseitä                        :P:Par:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseissä                       :P:Ine:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseistä                       :P:Ela:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseihin                       :P:Ill:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseillä                       :P:Ade:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseille                       :P:All:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseinä                        :P:Ess:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrefleksein                         :P:Ins:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseittä                       :P:Abe:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänreflekseine                        :P:Kom:                   yskänrefleksi
yskänrokko                              :S:Nom:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokon                              :S:Gen:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokkoa                             :S:Par:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokossa                            :S:Ine:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokosta                            :S:Ela:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokkoon                            :S:Ill:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokolla                            :S:Ade:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokolta                            :S:Abl:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokolle                            :S:All:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokkona                            :S:Ess:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoksi                            :S:Tra:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokotta                            :S:Abe:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokot                              :P:Nom:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokkojen                           :P:Gen:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokkoja                            :P:Par:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoista                           :P:Ela:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokkoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoille                           :P:All:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokkoina                           :P:Ess:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoin                             :P:Ins:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yskänrokko
yskänrokkoine                           :P:Kom:                   yskänrokko
yskänärsytys                            :S:Nom:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksen                         :S:Gen:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytystä                          :S:Par:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksessä                       :S:Ine:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksestä                       :S:Ela:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytykseen                        :S:Ill:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksellä                       :S:Ade:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytykseltä                       :S:Abl:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytykselle                       :S:All:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksenä                        :S:Ess:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytykseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksettä                       :S:Abe:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytykset                         :P:Nom:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytysten                         :P:Gen:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksien                        :P:Gen:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksiä                         :P:Par:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksissä                       :P:Ine:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksistä                       :P:Ela:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksillä                       :P:Ade:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksiltä                       :P:Abl:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksille                       :P:All:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksinä                        :P:Ess:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksin                         :P:Ins:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksittä                       :P:Abe:                   yskänärsytys
yskänärsytyksine                        :P:Kom:                   yskänärsytys
yskös                                   :S:Nom:                   yskös
ysköksen                                :S:Gen:                   yskös
ysköstä                                 :S:Par:                   yskös
ysköksessä                              :S:Ine:                   yskös
ysköksestä                              :S:Ela:                   yskös
yskökseen                               :S:Ill:                   yskös
ysköksellä                              :S:Ade:                   yskös
yskökseltä                              :S:Abl:                   yskös
yskökselle                              :S:All:                   yskös
ysköksenä                               :S:Ess:                   yskös
yskökseksi                              :S:Tra:                   yskös
ysköksettä                              :S:Abe:                   yskös
yskökset                                :P:Nom:                   yskös
yskösten                                :P:Gen:                   yskös
ysköksien                               :P:Gen:                   yskös
ysköksiä                                :P:Par:                   yskös
ysköksissä                              :P:Ine:                   yskös
ysköksistä                              :P:Ela:                   yskös
ysköksiin                               :P:Ill:                   yskös
ysköksillä                              :P:Ade:                   yskös
ysköksiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yskös
ysköksille                              :P:All:                   yskös
ysköksinä                               :P:Ess:                   yskös
ysköksiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yskös
ysköksin                                :P:Ins:                   yskös
ysköksittä                              :P:Abe:                   yskös
ysköksine                               :P:Kom:                   yskös
ystävys                                 :S:Nom:                   ystävykset
ystävyksen                              :S:Gen:                   ystävykset
ystävystä                               :S:Par:                   ystävykset
ystävyksessä                            :S:Ine:                   ystävykset
ystävyksestä                            :S:Ela:                   ystävykset
ystävykseen                             :S:Ill:                   ystävykset
ystävyksellä                            :S:Ade:                   ystävykset
ystävykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ystävykset
ystävykselle                            :S:All:                   ystävykset
ystävyksenä                             :S:Ess:                   ystävykset
ystävykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ystävykset
ystävyksettä                            :S:Abe:                   ystävykset
ystävykset                              :P:Nom:                   ystävykset
ystävysten                              :P:Gen:                   ystävykset
ystävyksien                             :P:Gen:                   ystävykset
ystävyksiä                              :P:Par:                   ystävykset
ystävyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   ystävykset
ystävyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   ystävykset
ystävyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   ystävykset
ystävyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   ystävykset
ystävyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ystävykset
ystävyksille                            :P:All:                   ystävykset
ystävyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   ystävykset
ystävyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ystävykset
ystävyksin                              :P:Ins:                   ystävykset
ystävyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   ystävykset
ystävyksine                             :P:Kom:                   ystävykset
ystävystyn                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyt                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyy                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystymme                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystytte                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyvät                            :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystytään                           :Ind:Pre:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävysty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävysty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävysty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävysty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävysty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävysty                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystytä                             :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävystyin                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyit                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyi                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyimme                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyitte                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyivät                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyttiin                          :Ind:Imp:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävystynen                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          ystävystyä
ystävystynet                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystynee                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystynemme                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystynette                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystynevät                          :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyttäneen                        :Pot:Pre:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyne                             :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyttäne                          :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävystyisin                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyisit                           :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyisimme                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyisitte                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyisivät                         :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyttäisiin                       :Con:Pre:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyisi                            :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyttäisi                         :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävysty                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyköön                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystykäämme                         :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystykää                            :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystykööt                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyttäköön                        :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävysty                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystykö                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyttäkö                          :Imp:Pre:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystyä                              :Inf1:                    ystävystyä
ystävystyäkseen                         :Inf1:L:                  ystävystyä
ystävystyessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            ystävystyä
ystävystyttäessä                        :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            ystävystyä
ystävystyen                             :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            ystävystyä
ystävystymässä                          :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            ystävystyä
ystävystymästä                          :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            ystävystyä
ystävystymään                           :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            ystävystyä
ystävystymällä                          :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            ystävystyä
ystävystymättä                          :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            ystävystyä
ystävystymän                            :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            ystävystyä
ystävystyttämän                         :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            ystävystyä
ystävystyminen                          :Inf4:Nom:                ystävystyä
ystävystymistä                          :Inf4:Par:                ystävystyä
ystävystymäisillään                     :Inf5:                    ystävystyä
ystävystyvä                             :Cip:Pre:Akt:             ystävystyä
ystävystyttävä                          :Cip:Pre:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Cip:Per:Akt:             ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Cip:Per:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystymä                             :Cip:Age:                 ystävystyä
ystävystymätön                          :Cip:Age:Neg:             ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Ind:Per:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Con:Per:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Pot:Per:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Imp:Per:Pas:             ystävystyä
ystävystynyt                            :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystyneet                           :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      ystävystyä
ystävystytty                            :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         ystävystyä
ystävyydenliitto                        :S:Nom:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliiton                        :S:Gen:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliittoa                       :S:Par:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitossa                      :S:Ine:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitosta                      :S:Ela:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliittoon                      :S:Ill:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitolla                      :S:Ade:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitolta                      :S:Abl:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitolle                      :S:All:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliittona                      :S:Ess:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoksi                      :S:Tra:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitotta                      :S:Abe:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitot                        :P:Nom:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliittojen                     :P:Gen:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliittoja                      :P:Par:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoissa                     :P:Ine:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoista                     :P:Ela:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliittoihin                    :P:Ill:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoilla                     :P:Ade:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoilta                     :P:Abl:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoille                     :P:All:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliittoina                     :P:Ess:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoiksi                     :P:Tra:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoin                       :P:Ins:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliitoitta                     :P:Abe:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenliittoine                     :P:Kom:                   ystävyydenliitto
ystävyydenosoitus                       :S:Nom:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksen                    :S:Gen:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoitusta                     :S:Par:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksessa                  :S:Ine:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksesta                  :S:Ela:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoitukseen                   :S:Ill:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksella                  :S:Ade:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoitukselta                  :S:Abl:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoitukselle                  :S:All:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksena                   :S:Ess:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoitukseksi                  :S:Tra:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksetta                  :S:Abe:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoitukset                    :P:Nom:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoitusten                    :P:Gen:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksien                   :P:Gen:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksia                    :P:Par:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksissa                  :P:Ine:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksista                  :P:Ela:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksiin                   :P:Ill:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksilla                  :P:Ade:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksilta                  :P:Abl:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksille                  :P:All:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksina                   :P:Ess:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksiksi                  :P:Tra:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksin                    :P:Ins:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksitta                  :P:Abe:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyydenosoituksine                   :P:Kom:                   ystävyydenosoitus
ystävyys                                :S:Nom:                   ystävyys
ystävyyden                              :S:Gen:                   ystävyys
ystävyyttä                              :S:Par:                   ystävyys
ystävyydessä                            :S:Ine:                   ystävyys
ystävyydestä                            :S:Ela:                   ystävyys
ystävyyteen                             :S:Ill:                   ystävyys
ystävyydellä                            :S:Ade:                   ystävyys
ystävyydeltä                            :S:Abl:                   ystävyys
ystävyydelle                            :S:All:                   ystävyys
ystävyytenä                             :S:Ess:                   ystävyys
ystävyydeksi                            :S:Tra:                   ystävyys
ystävyyttä                              :S:Abe:                   ystävyys
ystävyydet                              :P:Nom:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksien                            :P:Gen:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksiä                             :P:Par:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksissä                           :P:Ine:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksistä                           :P:Ela:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksiin                            :P:Ill:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksillä                           :P:Ade:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksiltä                           :P:Abl:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksille                           :P:All:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksinä                            :P:Ess:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksiksi                           :P:Tra:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksin                             :P:Ins:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksittä                           :P:Abe:                   ystävyys
ystävyyksine                            :P:Kom:                   ystävyys
ystävyyskaupunki                        :S:Nom:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungin                       :S:Gen:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupunkia                       :S:Par:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungissa                     :S:Ine:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungista                     :S:Ela:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupunkiin                      :S:Ill:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungilla                     :S:Ade:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungilta                     :S:Abl:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungille                     :S:All:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupunkina                      :S:Ess:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungiksi                     :S:Tra:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungitta                     :S:Abe:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungit                       :P:Nom:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupunkien                      :P:Gen:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupunkeja                      :P:Par:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungeissa                    :P:Ine:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungeista                    :P:Ela:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupunkeihin                    :P:Ill:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungeilla                    :P:Ade:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungeilta                    :P:Abl:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungeille                    :P:All:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupunkeina                     :P:Ess:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungeiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungein                      :P:Ins:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupungeitta                    :P:Abe:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskaupunkeine                     :P:Kom:                   ystävyyskaupunki
ystävyyskunta                           :S:Nom:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnan                          :S:Gen:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntaa                          :S:Par:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnassa                        :S:Ine:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnasta                        :S:Ela:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntaan                         :S:Ill:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnalla                        :S:Ade:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnalta                        :S:Abl:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnalle                        :S:All:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntana                         :S:Ess:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnaksi                        :S:Tra:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnatta                        :S:Abe:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnat                          :P:Nom:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntien                         :P:Gen:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntain                         :P:Gen:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntia                          :P:Par:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnissa                        :P:Ine:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnista                        :P:Ela:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntiin                         :P:Ill:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnilla                        :P:Ade:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnilta                        :P:Abl:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnille                        :P:All:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntina                         :P:Ess:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunniksi                        :P:Tra:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnin                          :P:Ins:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskunnitta                        :P:Abe:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyyskuntine                         :P:Kom:                   ystävyyskunta
ystävyysliitto                          :S:Nom:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliiton                          :S:Gen:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliittoa                         :S:Par:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitossa                        :S:Ine:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitosta                        :S:Ela:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliittoon                        :S:Ill:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitolla                        :S:Ade:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitolta                        :S:Abl:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitolle                        :S:All:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliittona                        :S:Ess:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoksi                        :S:Tra:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitotta                        :S:Abe:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitot                          :P:Nom:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliittojen                       :P:Gen:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliittoja                        :P:Par:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoissa                       :P:Ine:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoista                       :P:Ela:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliittoihin                      :P:Ill:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoilla                       :P:Ade:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoilta                       :P:Abl:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoille                       :P:All:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliittoina                       :P:Ess:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoin                         :P:Ins:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliitoitta                       :P:Abe:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysliittoine                       :P:Kom:                   ystävyysliitto
ystävyysottelu                          :S:Nom:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelun                         :S:Gen:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelua                         :S:Par:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelussa                       :S:Ine:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelusta                       :S:Ela:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluun                        :S:Ill:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelulla                       :S:Ade:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelulta                       :S:Abl:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelulle                       :S:All:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluna                        :S:Ess:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluksi                       :S:Tra:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelutta                       :S:Abe:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelut                         :P:Nom:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysottelujen                       :P:Gen:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluiden                      :P:Gen:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluitten                     :P:Gen:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluja                        :P:Par:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluita                       :P:Par:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluissa                      :P:Ine:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluista                      :P:Ela:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluihin                      :P:Ill:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluilla                      :P:Ade:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluilta                      :P:Abl:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluille                      :P:All:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluina                       :P:Ess:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluin                        :P:Ins:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluitta                      :P:Abe:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysotteluine                       :P:Kom:                   ystävyysottelu
ystävyysseura                           :S:Nom:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuran                          :S:Gen:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuraa                          :S:Par:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseurassa                        :S:Ine:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseurasta                        :S:Ela:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuraan                         :S:Ill:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuralla                        :S:Ade:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuralta                        :S:Abl:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuralle                        :S:All:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseurana                         :S:Ess:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuraksi                        :S:Tra:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuratta                        :S:Abe:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseurat                          :P:Nom:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseurojen                        :P:Gen:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseurain                         :P:Gen:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroja                         :P:Par:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroissa                       :P:Ine:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroista                       :P:Ela:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroihin                       :P:Ill:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroilla                       :P:Ade:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroilta                       :P:Abl:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroille                       :P:All:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroina                        :P:Ess:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroin                         :P:Ins:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroitta                       :P:Abe:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysseuroine                        :P:Kom:                   ystävyysseura
ystävyysside                            :S:Nom:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteen                          :S:Gen:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssidettä                         :S:Par:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteessä                        :S:Ine:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteestä                        :S:Ela:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteeseen                       :S:Ill:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteellä                        :S:Ade:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteeltä                        :S:Abl:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteelle                        :S:All:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteenä                         :S:Ess:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteeksi                        :S:Tra:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteettä                        :S:Abe:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteet                          :P:Nom:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteiden                        :P:Gen:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssideitten                       :P:Gen:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteitä                         :P:Par:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteissä                        :P:Ine:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteistä                        :P:Ela:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteisiin                       :P:Ill:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteihin                        :P:Ill:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteillä                        :P:Ade:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteiltä                        :P:Abl:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteille                        :P:All:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteinä                         :P:Ess:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteiksi                        :P:Tra:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssitein                          :P:Ins:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteittä                        :P:Abe:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssiteine                         :P:Kom:                   ystävyysside
ystävyyssopimus                         :S:Nom:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksen                      :S:Gen:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimusta                       :S:Par:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksessa                    :S:Ine:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksesta                    :S:Ela:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimukseen                     :S:Ill:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksella                    :S:Ade:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimukselta                    :S:Abl:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimukselle                    :S:All:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksena                     :S:Ess:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksetta                    :S:Abe:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimukset                      :P:Nom:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimusten                      :P:Gen:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksien                     :P:Gen:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksia                      :P:Par:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksissa                    :P:Ine:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksista                    :P:Ela:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksilla                    :P:Ade:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksilta                    :P:Abl:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksille                    :P:All:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksina                     :P:Ess:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksin                      :P:Ins:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksitta                    :P:Abe:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssopimuksine                     :P:Kom:                   ystävyyssopimus
ystävyyssuhde                           :S:Nom:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteen                         :S:Gen:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhdetta                        :S:Par:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteessa                       :S:Ine:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteesta                       :S:Ela:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteeseen                      :S:Ill:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteella                       :S:Ade:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteelta                       :S:Abl:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteelle                       :S:All:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteena                        :S:Ess:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteetta                       :S:Abe:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteet                         :P:Nom:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteiden                       :P:Gen:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhdeitten                      :P:Gen:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteita                        :P:Par:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteissa                       :P:Ine:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteista                       :P:Ela:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteisiin                      :P:Ill:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteihin                       :P:Ill:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteilla                       :P:Ade:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteilta                       :P:Abl:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteille                       :P:All:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteina                        :P:Ess:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhtein                         :P:Ins:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteitta                       :P:Abe:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyyssuhteine                        :P:Kom:                   ystävyyssuhde
ystävyysvierailu                        :S:Nom:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailun                       :S:Gen:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailua                       :S:Par:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailussa                     :S:Ine:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailusta                     :S:Ela:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuun                      :S:Ill:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailulla                     :S:Ade:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailulta                     :S:Abl:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailulle                     :S:All:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuna                      :S:Ess:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuksi                     :S:Tra:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailutta                     :S:Abe:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailut                       :P:Nom:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailujen                     :P:Gen:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuiden                    :P:Gen:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuitten                   :P:Gen:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuja                      :P:Par:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuita                     :P:Par:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuissa                    :P:Ine:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuista                    :P:Ela:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuihin                    :P:Ill:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuilla                    :P:Ade:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuilta                    :P:Abl:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuille                    :P:All:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuina                     :P:Ess:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuin                      :P:Ins:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuitta                    :P:Abe:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävyysvierailuine                     :P:Kom:                   ystävyysvierailu
ystävä                                  :S:Nom:                   ystävä
ystävän                                 :S:Gen:                   ystävä
ystävää                                 :S:Par:                   ystävä
ystävässä                               :S:Ine:                   ystävä
ystävästä                               :S:Ela:                   ystävä
ystävään                                :S:Ill:                   ystävä
ystävällä                               :S:Ade:                   ystävä
ystävältä                               :S:Abl:                   ystävä
ystävälle                               :S:All:                   ystävä
ystävänä                                :S:Ess:                   ystävä
ystäväksi                               :S:Tra:                   ystävä
ystävättä                               :S:Abe:                   ystävä
ystävät                                 :P:Nom:                   ystävä
ystävien                                :P:Gen:                   ystävä
ystäväin                                :P:Gen:                   ystävä
ystäviä                                 :P:Par:                   ystävä
ystävissä                               :P:Ine:                   ystävä
ystävistä                               :P:Ela:                   ystävä
ystäviin                                :P:Ill:                   ystävä
ystävillä                               :P:Ade:                   ystävä
ystäviltä                               :P:Abl:                   ystävä
ystäville                               :P:All:                   ystävä
ystävinä                                :P:Ess:                   ystävä
ystäviksi                               :P:Tra:                   ystävä
ystävin                                 :P:Ins:                   ystävä
ystävittä                               :P:Abe:                   ystävä
ystävine                                :P:Kom:                   ystävä
ystäväinen                              :S:Nom:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisen                              :S:Gen:                   ystäväinen
ystäväistä                              :S:Par:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisessä                            :S:Ine:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisestä                            :S:Ela:                   ystäväinen
ystäväiseen                             :S:Ill:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisellä                            :S:Ade:                   ystäväinen
ystäväiseltä                            :S:Abl:                   ystäväinen
ystäväiselle                            :S:All:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisenä                             :S:Ess:                   ystäväinen
ystäväiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisettä                            :S:Abe:                   ystäväinen
ystäväiset                              :P:Nom:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisten                             :P:Gen:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisin                              :P:Gen:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisiä                              :P:Par:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisissä                            :P:Ine:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisistä                            :P:Ela:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisiin                             :P:Ill:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisillä                            :P:Ade:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisille                            :P:All:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisinä                             :P:Ess:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisin                              :P:Ins:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisittä                            :P:Abe:                   ystäväinen
ystäväisine                             :P:Kom:                   ystäväinen
ystävällinen                            :S:Nom:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisen                            :S:Gen:                   ystävällinen
ystävällistä                            :S:Par:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisessä                          :S:Ine:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisestä                          :S:Ela:                   ystävällinen
ystävälliseen                           :S:Ill:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisellä                          :S:Ade:                   ystävällinen
ystävälliseltä                          :S:Abl:                   ystävällinen
ystävälliselle                          :S:All:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisenä                           :S:Ess:                   ystävällinen
ystävälliseksi                          :S:Tra:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisettä                          :S:Abe:                   ystävällinen
ystävälliset                            :P:Nom:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisten                           :P:Gen:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisin                            :P:Gen:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisiä                            :P:Par:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisissä                          :P:Ine:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisistä                          :P:Ela:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisillä                          :P:Ade:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisiltä                          :P:Abl:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisille                          :P:All:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisinä                           :P:Ess:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisiksi                          :P:Tra:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisin                            :P:Ins:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisittä                          :P:Abe:                   ystävällinen
ystävällisine                           :P:Kom:                   ystävällinen
ystävällismielinen                      :S:Nom:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisen                      :S:Gen:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielistä                      :S:Par:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisessä                    :S:Ine:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisestä                    :S:Ela:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismieliseen                     :S:Ill:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisellä                    :S:Ade:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismieliseltä                    :S:Abl:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismieliselle                    :S:All:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisenä                     :S:Ess:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismieliseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisettä                    :S:Abe:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismieliset                      :P:Nom:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisten                     :P:Gen:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisin                      :P:Gen:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisiä                      :P:Par:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisissä                    :P:Ine:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisistä                    :P:Ela:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisiin                     :P:Ill:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisillä                    :P:Ade:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisiltä                    :P:Abl:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisille                    :P:All:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisinä                     :P:Ess:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisin                      :P:Ins:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisittä                    :P:Abe:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisine                     :P:Kom:                   ystävällismielinen
ystävällismielisyys                     :S:Nom:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyden                   :S:Gen:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyttä                   :S:Par:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyydessä                 :S:Ine:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyydestä                 :S:Ela:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyteen                  :S:Ill:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyydellä                 :S:Ade:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyydeltä                 :S:Abl:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyydelle                 :S:All:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyytenä                  :S:Ess:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyydeksi                 :S:Tra:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyttä                   :S:Abe:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyydet                   :P:Nom:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksien                 :P:Gen:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksiä                  :P:Par:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksissä                :P:Ine:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksistä                :P:Ela:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksiin                 :P:Ill:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksillä                :P:Ade:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksiltä                :P:Abl:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksille                :P:All:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksinä                 :P:Ess:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksiksi                :P:Tra:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksin                  :P:Ins:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksittä                :P:Abe:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällismielisyyksine                 :P:Kom:                   ystävällismielisyys
ystävällisyys                           :S:Nom:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyden                         :S:Gen:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyttä                         :S:Par:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyydessä                       :S:Ine:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyydestä                       :S:Ela:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyteen                        :S:Ill:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyydellä                       :S:Ade:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyydeltä                       :S:Abl:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyydelle                       :S:All:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyytenä                        :S:Ess:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyydeksi                       :S:Tra:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyttä                         :S:Abe:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyydet                         :P:Nom:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksien                       :P:Gen:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksiä                        :P:Par:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksissä                      :P:Ine:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksistä                      :P:Ela:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksiin                       :P:Ill:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksillä                      :P:Ade:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksille                      :P:All:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksinä                       :P:Ess:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksin                        :P:Ins:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksittä                      :P:Abe:                   ystävällisyys
ystävällisyyksine                       :P:Kom:                   ystävällisyys
ystävänpalvelus                         :S:Nom:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksen                      :S:Gen:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalvelusta                       :S:Par:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksessa                    :S:Ine:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksesta                    :S:Ela:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalvelukseen                     :S:Ill:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksella                    :S:Ade:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalvelukselta                    :S:Abl:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalvelukselle                    :S:All:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksena                     :S:Ess:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalvelukseksi                    :S:Tra:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksetta                    :S:Abe:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalvelukset                      :P:Nom:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalvelusten                      :P:Gen:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksien                     :P:Gen:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksia                      :P:Par:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksissa                    :P:Ine:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksista                    :P:Ela:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksiin                     :P:Ill:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksilla                    :P:Ade:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksilta                    :P:Abl:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksille                    :P:All:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksina                     :P:Ess:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksin                      :P:Ins:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksitta                    :P:Abe:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpalveluksine                     :P:Kom:                   ystävänpalvelus
ystävänpäivä                            :S:Nom:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivän                           :S:Gen:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivää                           :S:Par:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivässä                         :S:Ine:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivästä                         :S:Ela:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivään                          :S:Ill:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivällä                         :S:Ade:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivältä                         :S:Abl:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivälle                         :S:All:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivänä                          :S:Ess:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäiväksi                         :S:Tra:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivättä                         :S:Abe:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivät                           :P:Nom:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivien                          :P:Gen:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäiväin                          :P:Gen:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäiviä                           :P:Par:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivissä                         :P:Ine:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivistä                         :P:Ela:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäiviin                          :P:Ill:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivillä                         :P:Ade:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäiviltä                         :P:Abl:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäiville                         :P:All:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivinä                          :P:Ess:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäiviksi                         :P:Tra:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivin                           :P:Ins:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivittä                         :P:Abe:                   ystävänpäivä
ystävänpäivine                          :P:Kom:                   ystävänpäivä
ystäväpalvelu                           :S:Nom:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelun                          :S:Gen:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelua                          :S:Par:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelussa                        :S:Ine:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelusta                        :S:Ela:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluun                         :S:Ill:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelulla                        :S:Ade:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelulta                        :S:Abl:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelulle                        :S:All:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluna                         :S:Ess:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluksi                        :S:Tra:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelutta                        :S:Abe:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelut                          :P:Nom:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalvelujen                        :P:Gen:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluiden                       :P:Gen:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluitten                      :P:Gen:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluja                         :P:Par:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluita                        :P:Par:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluissa                       :P:Ine:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluista                       :P:Ela:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluihin                       :P:Ill:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluilla                       :P:Ade:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluilta                       :P:Abl:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluille                       :P:All:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluina                        :P:Ess:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluiksi                       :P:Tra:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluin                         :P:Ins:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluitta                       :P:Abe:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpalveluine                        :P:Kom:                   ystäväpalvelu
ystäväpiiri                             :S:Nom:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirin                            :S:Gen:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiiriä                            :S:Par:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirissä                          :S:Ine:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiiristä                          :S:Ela:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiiriin                           :S:Ill:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirillä                          :S:Ade:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiiriltä                          :S:Abl:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirille                          :S:All:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirinä                           :S:Ess:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiiriksi                          :S:Tra:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirittä                          :S:Abe:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirit                            :P:Nom:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirien                           :P:Gen:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirejä                           :P:Par:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireissä                         :P:Ine:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireistä                         :P:Ela:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireihin                         :P:Ill:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireillä                         :P:Ade:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireille                         :P:All:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireinä                          :P:Ess:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiirein                           :P:Ins:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireittä                         :P:Abe:                   ystäväpiiri
ystäväpiireine                          :P:Kom:                   ystäväpiiri
ystävätär                               :S:Nom:                   ystävätär
ystävättären                            :S:Gen:                   ystävätär
ystävätärtä                             :S:Par:                   ystävätär
ystävättäressä                          :S:Ine:                   ystävätär
ystävättärestä                          :S:Ela:                   ystävätär
ystävättäreen                           :S:Ill:                   ystävätär
ystävättärellä                          :S:Ade:                   ystävätär
ystävättäreltä                          :S:Abl:                   ystävätär
ystävättärelle                          :S:All:                   ystävätär
ystävättärenä                           :S:Ess:                   ystävätär
ystävättäreksi                          :S:Tra:                   ystävätär
ystävättärettä                          :S:Abe:                   ystävätär
ystävättäret                            :P:Nom:                   ystävätär
ystävättärien                           :P:Gen:                   ystävätär
ystävätärten                            :P:Gen:                   ystävätär
ystävättäriä                            :P:Par:                   ystävätär
ystävättärissä                          :P:Ine:                   ystävätär
ystävättäristä                          :P:Ela:                   ystävätär
ystävättäriin                           :P:Ill:                   ystävätär
ystävättärillä                          :P:Ade:                   ystävätär
ystävättäriltä                          :P:Abl:                   ystävätär
ystävättärille                          :P:All:                   ystävätär
ystävättärinä                           :P:Ess:                   ystävätär
ystävättäriksi                          :P:Tra:                   ystävätär
ystävättärin                            :P:Ins:                   ystävätär
ystävättärittä                          :P:Abe:                   ystävätär
ystävättärine                           :P:Kom:                   ystävätär
ytimekkyys                              :S:Nom:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyden                            :S:Gen:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyttä                            :S:Par:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyydessä                          :S:Ine:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyydestä                          :S:Ela:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyteen                           :S:Ill:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyydellä                          :S:Ade:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyydeltä                          :S:Abl:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyydelle                          :S:All:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyytenä                           :S:Ess:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyydeksi                          :S:Tra:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyttä                            :S:Abe:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyydet                            :P:Nom:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksien                          :P:Gen:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksiä                           :P:Par:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksissä                         :P:Ine:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksistä                         :P:Ela:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksiin                          :P:Ill:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksillä                         :P:Ade:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksille                         :P:All:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksinä                          :P:Ess:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksin                           :P:Ins:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksittä                         :P:Abe:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekkyyksine                          :P:Kom:                   ytimekkyys
ytimekäs                                :S:Nom:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkään                              :S:Gen:                   ytimekäs
ytimekästä                              :S:Par:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäässä                            :S:Ine:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäästä                            :S:Ela:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkääseen                           :S:Ill:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäällä                            :S:Ade:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäältä                            :S:Abl:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäälle                            :S:All:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäänä                             :S:Ess:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkääksi                            :S:Tra:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäättä                            :S:Abe:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäät                              :P:Nom:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäiden                            :P:Gen:                   ytimekäs
ytimekäitten                            :P:Gen:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäitä                             :P:Par:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäissä                            :P:Ine:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäistä                            :P:Ela:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäisiin                           :P:Ill:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäillä                            :P:Ade:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäiltä                            :P:Abl:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäille                            :P:All:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäinä                             :P:Ess:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäiksi                            :P:Tra:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäin                              :P:Ins:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäittä                            :P:Abe:                   ytimekäs
ytimekkäine                             :P:Kom:                   ytimekäs
ytimennävertäjä                         :S:Nom:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjän                        :S:Gen:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjää                        :S:Par:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjässä                      :S:Ine:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjästä                      :S:Ela:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjään                       :S:Ill:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjällä                      :S:Ade:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjältä                      :S:Abl:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjälle                      :S:All:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjänä                       :S:Ess:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjäksi                      :S:Tra:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjättä                      :S:Abe:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjät                        :P:Nom:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjien                       :P:Gen:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjäin                       :P:Gen:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjiä                        :P:Par:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjissä                      :P:Ine:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjistä                      :P:Ela:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjiin                       :P:Ill:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjillä                      :P:Ade:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjiltä                      :P:Abl:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjille                      :P:All:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjinä                       :P:Ess:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjiksi                      :P:Tra:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjin                        :P:Ins:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjittä                      :P:Abe:                   ytimennävertäjä
ytimennävertäjine                       :P:Kom:                   ytimennävertäjä
yty                                     :S:Nom:                   yty
ydyn                                    :S:Gen:                   yty
ytyä                                    :S:Par:                   yty
ydyssä                                  :S:Ine:                   yty
ydystä                                  :S:Ela:                   yty
ytyyn                                   :S:Ill:                   yty
ydyllä                                  :S:Ade:                   yty
ydyltä                                  :S:Abl:                   yty
ydylle                                  :S:All:                   yty
ytynä                                   :S:Ess:                   yty
ydyksi                                  :S:Tra:                   yty
ydyttä                                  :S:Abe:                   yty
ydyt                                    :P:Nom:                   yty
ytyjen                                  :P:Gen:                   yty
ytyjä                                   :P:Par:                   yty
ydyissä                                 :P:Ine:                   yty
ydyistä                                 :P:Ela:                   yty
ytyihin                                 :P:Ill:                   yty
ydyillä                                 :P:Ade:                   yty
ydyiltä                                 :P:Abl:                   yty
ydyille                                 :P:All:                   yty
ytyinä                                  :P:Ess:                   yty
ydyiksi                                 :P:Tra:                   yty
ydyin                                   :P:Ins:                   yty
ydyittä                                 :P:Abe:                   yty
ytyine                                  :P:Kom:                   yty
yö                                      :S:Nom:                   yö
yön                                     :S:Gen:                   yö
yötä                                    :S:Par:                   yö
yössä                                   :S:Ine:                   yö
yöstä                                   :S:Ela:                   yö
yöhön                                   :S:Ill:                   yö
yöllä                                   :S:Ade:                   yö
yöltä                                   :S:Abl:                   yö
yölle                                   :S:All:                   yö
yönä                                    :S:Ess:                   yö
yöksi                                   :S:Tra:                   yö
yöttä                                   :S:Abe:                   yö
yöt                                     :P:Nom:                   yö
öiden                                   :P:Gen:                   yö
öitten                                  :P:Gen:                   yö
öitä                                    :P:Par:                   yö
öissä                                   :P:Ine:                   yö
öistä                                   :P:Ela:                   yö
öihin                                   :P:Ill:                   yö
öillä                                   :P:Ade:                   yö
öiltä                                   :P:Abl:                   yö
öille                                   :P:All:                   yö
öinä                                    :P:Ess:                   yö
öiksi                                   :P:Tra:                   yö
öin                                     :P:Ins:                   yö
öittä                                   :P:Abe:                   yö
öine                                    :P:Kom:                   yö
yöaika                                  :S:Nom:                   yöaika
yöajan                                  :S:Gen:                   yöaika
yöaikaa                                 :S:Par:                   yöaika
yöajassa                                :S:Ine:                   yöaika
yöajasta                                :S:Ela:                   yöaika
yöaikaan                                :S:Ill:                   yöaika
yöajalla                                :S:Ade:                   yöaika
yöajalta                                :S:Abl:                   yöaika
yöajalle                                :S:All:                   yöaika
yöaikana                                :S:Ess:                   yöaika
yöajaksi                                :S:Tra:                   yöaika
yöajatta                                :S:Abe:                   yöaika
yöajat                                  :P:Nom:                   yöaika
yöaikojen                               :P:Gen:                   yöaika
yöaikain                                :P:Gen:                   yöaika
yöaikoja                                :P:Par:                   yöaika
yöajoissa                               :P:Ine:                   yöaika
yöajoista                               :P:Ela:                   yöaika
yöaikoihin                              :P:Ill:                   yöaika
yöajoilla                               :P:Ade:                   yöaika
yöajoilta                               :P:Abl:                   yöaika
yöajoille                               :P:All:                   yöaika
yöaikoina                               :P:Ess:                   yöaika
yöajoiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yöaika
yöajoin                                 :P:Ins:                   yöaika
yöajoitta                               :P:Abe:                   yöaika
yöaikoine                               :P:Kom:                   yöaika
yöaikainen                              :S:Nom:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisen                              :S:Gen:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaista                              :S:Par:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisessa                            :S:Ine:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisesta                            :S:Ela:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisella                            :S:Ade:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaiselta                            :S:Abl:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaiselle                            :S:All:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisena                             :S:Ess:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisetta                            :S:Abe:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaiset                              :P:Nom:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisten                             :P:Gen:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisin                              :P:Gen:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisia                              :P:Par:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisissa                            :P:Ine:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisista                            :P:Ela:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisilla                            :P:Ade:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisilta                            :P:Abl:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisille                            :P:All:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisina                             :P:Ess:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisin                              :P:Ins:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisitta                            :P:Abe:                   yöaikainen
yöaikaisine                             :P:Kom:                   yöaikainen
yöastia                                 :S:Nom:                   yöastia
yöastian                                :S:Gen:                   yöastia
yöastiaa                                :S:Par:                   yöastia
yöastiassa                              :S:Ine:                   yöastia
yöastiasta                              :S:Ela:                   yöastia
yöastiaan                               :S:Ill:                   yöastia
yöastialla                              :S:Ade:                   yöastia
yöastialta                              :S:Abl:                   yöastia
yöastialle                              :S:All:                   yöastia
yöastiana                               :S:Ess:                   yöastia
yöastiaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöastia
yöastiatta                              :S:Abe:                   yöastia
yöastiat                                :P:Nom:                   yöastia
yöastioiden                             :P:Gen:                   yöastia
yöastioitten                            :P:Gen:                   yöastia
yöastiain                               :P:Gen:                   yöastia
yöastioita                              :P:Par:                   yöastia
yöastioissa                             :P:Ine:                   yöastia
yöastioista                             :P:Ela:                   yöastia
yöastioihin                             :P:Ill:                   yöastia
yöastioilla                             :P:Ade:                   yöastia
yöastioilta                             :P:Abl:                   yöastia
yöastioille                             :P:All:                   yöastia
yöastioina                              :P:Ess:                   yöastia
yöastioiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yöastia
yöastioin                               :P:Ins:                   yöastia
yöastioitta                             :P:Abe:                   yöastia
yöastioine                              :P:Kom:                   yöastia
yöasu                                   :S:Nom:                   yöasu
yöasun                                  :S:Gen:                   yöasu
yöasua                                  :S:Par:                   yöasu
yöasussa                                :S:Ine:                   yöasu
yöasusta                                :S:Ela:                   yöasu
yöasuun                                 :S:Ill:                   yöasu
yöasulla                                :S:Ade:                   yöasu
yöasulta                                :S:Abl:                   yöasu
yöasulle                                :S:All:                   yöasu
yöasuna                                 :S:Ess:                   yöasu
yöasuksi                                :S:Tra:                   yöasu
yöasutta                                :S:Abe:                   yöasu
yöasut                                  :P:Nom:                   yöasu
yöasujen                                :P:Gen:                   yöasu
yöasuja                                 :P:Par:                   yöasu
yöasuissa                               :P:Ine:                   yöasu
yöasuista                               :P:Ela:                   yöasu
yöasuihin                               :P:Ill:                   yöasu
yöasuilla                               :P:Ade:                   yöasu
yöasuilta                               :P:Abl:                   yöasu
yöasuille                               :P:All:                   yöasu
yöasuina                                :P:Ess:                   yöasu
yöasuiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yöasu
yöasuin                                 :P:Ins:                   yöasu
yöasuitta                               :P:Abe:                   yöasu
yöasuine                                :P:Kom:                   yöasu
yöbaari                                 :S:Nom:                   yöbaari
yöbaarin                                :S:Gen:                   yöbaari
yöbaaria                                :S:Par:                   yöbaari
yöbaarissa                              :S:Ine:                   yöbaari
yöbaarista                              :S:Ela:                   yöbaari
yöbaariin                               :S:Ill:                   yöbaari
yöbaarilla                              :S:Ade:                   yöbaari
yöbaarilta                              :S:Abl:                   yöbaari
yöbaarille                              :S:All:                   yöbaari
yöbaarina                               :S:Ess:                   yöbaari
yöbaariksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöbaari
yöbaaritta                              :S:Abe:                   yöbaari
yöbaarit                                :P:Nom:                   yöbaari
yöbaarien                               :P:Gen:                   yöbaari
yöbaareja                               :P:Par:                   yöbaari
yöbaareissa                             :P:Ine:                   yöbaari
yöbaareista                             :P:Ela:                   yöbaari
yöbaareihin                             :P:Ill:                   yöbaari
yöbaareilla                             :P:Ade:                   yöbaari
yöbaareilta                             :P:Abl:                   yöbaari
yöbaareille                             :P:All:                   yöbaari
yöbaareina                              :P:Ess:                   yöbaari
yöbaareiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yöbaari
yöbaarein                               :P:Ins:                   yöbaari
yöbaareitta                             :P:Abe:                   yöbaari
yöbaareine                              :P:Kom:                   yöbaari
yöeläin                                 :S:Nom:                   yöeläin
yöeläimen                               :S:Gen:                   yöeläin
yöeläintä                               :S:Par:                   yöeläin
yöeläimessä                             :S:Ine:                   yöeläin
yöeläimestä                             :S:Ela:                   yöeläin
yöeläimeen                              :S:Ill:                   yöeläin
yöeläimellä                             :S:Ade:                   yöeläin
yöeläimeltä                             :S:Abl:                   yöeläin
yöeläimelle                             :S:All:                   yöeläin
yöeläimenä                              :S:Ess:                   yöeläin
yöeläimeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yöeläin
yöeläimettä                             :S:Abe:                   yöeläin
yöeläimet                               :P:Nom:                   yöeläin
yöeläimien                              :P:Gen:                   yöeläin
yöeläinten                              :P:Gen:                   yöeläin
yöeläimiä                               :P:Par:                   yöeläin
yöeläimissä                             :P:Ine:                   yöeläin
yöeläimistä                             :P:Ela:                   yöeläin
yöeläimiin                              :P:Ill:                   yöeläin
yöeläimillä                             :P:Ade:                   yöeläin
yöeläimiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yöeläin
yöeläimille                             :P:All:                   yöeläin
yöeläiminä                              :P:Ess:                   yöeläin
yöeläimiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yöeläin
yöeläimin                               :P:Ins:                   yöeläin
yöeläimittä                             :P:Abe:                   yöeläin
yöeläimine                              :P:Kom:                   yöeläin
yöelämä                                 :S:Nom:                   yöelämä
yöelämän                                :S:Gen:                   yöelämä
yöelämää                                :S:Par:                   yöelämä
yöelämässä                              :S:Ine:                   yöelämä
yöelämästä                              :S:Ela:                   yöelämä
yöelämään                               :S:Ill:                   yöelämä
yöelämällä                              :S:Ade:                   yöelämä
yöelämältä                              :S:Abl:                   yöelämä
yöelämälle                              :S:All:                   yöelämä
yöelämänä                               :S:Ess:                   yöelämä
yöelämäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöelämä
yöelämättä                              :S:Abe:                   yöelämä
yöelämät                                :P:Nom:                   yöelämä
yöelämien                               :P:Gen:                   yöelämä
yöelämäin                               :P:Gen:                   yöelämä
yöelämiä                                :P:Par:                   yöelämä
yöelämissä                              :P:Ine:                   yöelämä
yöelämistä                              :P:Ela:                   yöelämä
yöelämiin                               :P:Ill:                   yöelämä
yöelämillä                              :P:Ade:                   yöelämä
yöelämiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yöelämä
yöelämille                              :P:All:                   yöelämä
yöeläminä                               :P:Ess:                   yöelämä
yöelämiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöelämä
yöelämin                                :P:Ins:                   yöelämä
yöelämittä                              :P:Abe:                   yöelämä
yöelämine                               :P:Kom:                   yöelämä
yöhoitaja                               :S:Nom:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajan                              :S:Gen:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajaa                              :S:Par:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajassa                            :S:Ine:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajasta                            :S:Ela:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajaan                             :S:Ill:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajalla                            :S:Ade:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajalta                            :S:Abl:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajalle                            :S:All:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajana                             :S:Ess:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajatta                            :S:Abe:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajat                              :P:Nom:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajien                             :P:Gen:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajain                             :P:Gen:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajia                              :P:Par:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajissa                            :P:Ine:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajista                            :P:Ela:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajiin                             :P:Ill:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajilla                            :P:Ade:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajilta                            :P:Abl:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajille                            :P:All:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajina                             :P:Ess:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajin                              :P:Ins:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajitta                            :P:Abe:                   yöhoitaja
yöhoitajine                             :P:Kom:                   yöhoitaja
yöilma                                  :S:Nom:                   yöilma
yöilman                                 :S:Gen:                   yöilma
yöilmaa                                 :S:Par:                   yöilma
yöilmassa                               :S:Ine:                   yöilma
yöilmasta                               :S:Ela:                   yöilma
yöilmaan                                :S:Ill:                   yöilma
yöilmalla                               :S:Ade:                   yöilma
yöilmalta                               :S:Abl:                   yöilma
yöilmalle                               :S:All:                   yöilma
yöilmana                                :S:Ess:                   yöilma
yöilmaksi                               :S:Tra:                   yöilma
yöilmatta                               :S:Abe:                   yöilma
yöilmat                                 :P:Nom:                   yöilma
yöilmojen                               :P:Gen:                   yöilma
yöilmain                                :P:Gen:                   yöilma
yöilmoja                                :P:Par:                   yöilma
yöilmoissa                              :P:Ine:                   yöilma
yöilmoista                              :P:Ela:                   yöilma
yöilmoihin                              :P:Ill:                   yöilma
yöilmoilla                              :P:Ade:                   yöilma
yöilmoilta                              :P:Abl:                   yöilma
yöilmoille                              :P:All:                   yöilma
yöilmoina                               :P:Ess:                   yöilma
yöilmoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöilma
yöilmoin                                :P:Ins:                   yöilma
yöilmoitta                              :P:Abe:                   yöilma
yöilmoine                               :P:Kom:                   yöilma
yöjuna                                  :S:Nom:                   yöjuna
yöjunan                                 :S:Gen:                   yöjuna
yöjunaa                                 :S:Par:                   yöjuna
yöjunassa                               :S:Ine:                   yöjuna
yöjunasta                               :S:Ela:                   yöjuna
yöjunaan                                :S:Ill:                   yöjuna
yöjunalla                               :S:Ade:                   yöjuna
yöjunalta                               :S:Abl:                   yöjuna
yöjunalle                               :S:All:                   yöjuna
yöjunana                                :S:Ess:                   yöjuna
yöjunaksi                               :S:Tra:                   yöjuna
yöjunatta                               :S:Abe:                   yöjuna
yöjunat                                 :P:Nom:                   yöjuna
yöjunien                                :P:Gen:                   yöjuna
yöjunain                                :P:Gen:                   yöjuna
yöjunia                                 :P:Par:                   yöjuna
yöjunissa                               :P:Ine:                   yöjuna
yöjunista                               :P:Ela:                   yöjuna
yöjuniin                                :P:Ill:                   yöjuna
yöjunilla                               :P:Ade:                   yöjuna
yöjunilta                               :P:Abl:                   yöjuna
yöjunille                               :P:All:                   yöjuna
yöjunina                                :P:Ess:                   yöjuna
yöjuniksi                               :P:Tra:                   yöjuna
yöjunin                                 :P:Ins:                   yöjuna
yöjunitta                               :P:Abe:                   yöjuna
yöjunine                                :P:Kom:                   yöjuna
yöjuoksu                                :S:Nom:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksun                               :S:Gen:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksua                               :S:Par:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksussa                             :S:Ine:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksusta                             :S:Ela:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuun                              :S:Ill:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksulla                             :S:Ade:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksulta                             :S:Abl:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksulle                             :S:All:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuna                              :S:Ess:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuksi                             :S:Tra:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksutta                             :S:Abe:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksut                               :P:Nom:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksujen                             :P:Gen:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuja                              :P:Par:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuissa                            :P:Ine:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuista                            :P:Ela:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuihin                            :P:Ill:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuilla                            :P:Ade:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuilta                            :P:Abl:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuille                            :P:All:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuina                             :P:Ess:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuin                              :P:Ins:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuitta                            :P:Abe:                   yöjuoksu
yöjuoksuine                             :P:Kom:                   yöjuoksu
yökahvila                               :S:Nom:                   yökahvila
yökahvilan                              :S:Gen:                   yökahvila
yökahvilaa                              :S:Par:                   yökahvila
yökahvilassa                            :S:Ine:                   yökahvila
yökahvilasta                            :S:Ela:                   yökahvila
yökahvilaan                             :S:Ill:                   yökahvila
yökahvilalla                            :S:Ade:                   yökahvila
yökahvilalta                            :S:Abl:                   yökahvila
yökahvilalle                            :S:All:                   yökahvila
yökahvilana                             :S:Ess:                   yökahvila
yökahvilaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yökahvila
yökahvilatta                            :S:Abe:                   yökahvila
yökahvilat                              :P:Nom:                   yökahvila
yökahviloiden                           :P:Gen:                   yökahvila
yökahviloitten                          :P:Gen:                   yökahvila
yökahvilain                             :P:Gen:                   yökahvila
yökahviloita                            :P:Par:                   yökahvila
yökahviloissa                           :P:Ine:                   yökahvila
yökahviloista                           :P:Ela:                   yökahvila
yökahviloihin                           :P:Ill:                   yökahvila
yökahviloilla                           :P:Ade:                   yökahvila
yökahviloilta                           :P:Abl:                   yökahvila
yökahviloille                           :P:All:                   yökahvila
yökahviloina                            :P:Ess:                   yökahvila
yökahviloiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yökahvila
yökahviloin                             :P:Ins:                   yökahvila
yökahviloitta                           :P:Abe:                   yökahvila
yökahviloine                            :P:Kom:                   yökahvila
yökaste                                 :S:Nom:                   yökaste
yökasteen                               :S:Gen:                   yökaste
yökastetta                              :S:Par:                   yökaste
yökasteessa                             :S:Ine:                   yökaste
yökasteesta                             :S:Ela:                   yökaste
yökasteeseen                            :S:Ill:                   yökaste
yökasteella                             :S:Ade:                   yökaste
yökasteelta                             :S:Abl:                   yökaste
yökasteelle                             :S:All:                   yökaste
yökasteena                              :S:Ess:                   yökaste
yökasteeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yökaste
yökasteetta                             :S:Abe:                   yökaste
yökasteet                               :P:Nom:                   yökaste
yökasteiden                             :P:Gen:                   yökaste
yökasteitten                            :P:Gen:                   yökaste
yökasteita                              :P:Par:                   yökaste
yökasteissa                             :P:Ine:                   yökaste
yökasteista                             :P:Ela:                   yökaste
yökasteisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yökaste
yökasteihin                             :P:Ill:                   yökaste
yökasteilla                             :P:Ade:                   yökaste
yökasteilta                             :P:Abl:                   yökaste
yökasteille                             :P:All:                   yökaste
yökasteina                              :P:Ess:                   yökaste
yökasteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yökaste
yökastein                               :P:Ins:                   yökaste
yökasteitta                             :P:Abe:                   yökaste
yökasteine                              :P:Kom:                   yökaste
yökastelu                               :S:Nom:                   yökastelu
yökastelun                              :S:Gen:                   yökastelu
yökastelua                              :S:Par:                   yökastelu
yökastelussa                            :S:Ine:                   yökastelu
yökastelusta                            :S:Ela:                   yökastelu
yökasteluun                             :S:Ill:                   yökastelu
yökastelulla                            :S:Ade:                   yökastelu
yökastelulta                            :S:Abl:                   yökastelu
yökastelulle                            :S:All:                   yökastelu
yökasteluna                             :S:Ess:                   yökastelu
yökasteluksi                            :S:Tra:                   yökastelu
yökastelutta                            :S:Abe:                   yökastelu
yökastelut                              :P:Nom:                   yökastelu
yökastelujen                            :P:Gen:                   yökastelu
yökasteluiden                           :P:Gen:                   yökastelu
yökasteluitten                          :P:Gen:                   yökastelu
yökasteluja                             :P:Par:                   yökastelu
yökasteluita                            :P:Par:                   yökastelu
yökasteluissa                           :P:Ine:                   yökastelu
yökasteluista                           :P:Ela:                   yökastelu
yökasteluihin                           :P:Ill:                   yökastelu
yökasteluilla                           :P:Ade:                   yökastelu
yökasteluilta                           :P:Abl:                   yökastelu
yökasteluille                           :P:All:                   yökastelu
yökasteluina                            :P:Ess:                   yökastelu
yökasteluiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yökastelu
yökasteluin                             :P:Ins:                   yökastelu
yökasteluitta                           :P:Abe:                   yökastelu
yökasteluine                            :P:Kom:                   yökastelu
yökausi                                 :S:Nom:                   yökausi
yökauden                                :S:Gen:                   yökausi
yökautta                                :S:Par:                   yökausi
yökaudessa                              :S:Ine:                   yökausi
yökaudesta                              :S:Ela:                   yökausi
yökauteen                               :S:Ill:                   yökausi
yökaudella                              :S:Ade:                   yökausi
yökaudelta                              :S:Abl:                   yökausi
yökaudelle                              :S:All:                   yökausi
yökautena                               :S:Ess:                   yökausi
yökaudeksi                              :S:Tra:                   yökausi
yökaudetta                              :S:Abe:                   yökausi
yökaudet                                :P:Nom:                   yökausi
yökausien                               :P:Gen:                   yökausi
yökautten                               :P:Gen:                   yökausi
yökausia                                :P:Par:                   yökausi
yökausissa                              :P:Ine:                   yökausi
yökausista                              :P:Ela:                   yökausi
yökausiin                               :P:Ill:                   yökausi
yökausilla                              :P:Ade:                   yökausi
yökausilta                              :P:Abl:                   yökausi
yökausille                              :P:All:                   yökausi
yökausina                               :P:Ess:                   yökausi
yökausiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yökausi
yökausiin                               :P:Ins:                   yökausi
yökausitta                              :P:Abe:                   yökausi
yökausine                               :P:Kom:                   yökausi
yökerho                                 :S:Nom:                   yökerho
yökerhon                                :S:Gen:                   yökerho
yökerhoa                                :S:Par:                   yökerho
yökerhossa                              :S:Ine:                   yökerho
yökerhosta                              :S:Ela:                   yökerho
yökerhoon                               :S:Ill:                   yökerho
yökerholla                              :S:Ade:                   yökerho
yökerholta                              :S:Abl:                   yökerho
yökerholle                              :S:All:                   yökerho
yökerhona                               :S:Ess:                   yökerho
yökerhoksi                              :S:Tra:                   yökerho
yökerhotta                              :S:Abe:                   yökerho
yökerhot                                :P:Nom:                   yökerho
yökerhojen                              :P:Gen:                   yökerho
yökerhoja                               :P:Par:                   yökerho
yökerhoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yökerho
yökerhoista                             :P:Ela:                   yökerho
yökerhoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yökerho
yökerhoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yökerho
yökerhoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yökerho
yökerhoille                             :P:All:                   yökerho
yökerhoina                              :P:Ess:                   yökerho
yökerhoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yökerho
yökerhoin                               :P:Ins:                   yökerho
yökerhoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yökerho
yökerhoine                              :P:Kom:                   yökerho
yökkäys                                 :S:Nom:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksen                              :S:Gen:                   yökkäys
yökkäystä                               :S:Par:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksessä                            :S:Ine:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksestä                            :S:Ela:                   yökkäys
yökkäykseen                             :S:Ill:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksellä                            :S:Ade:                   yökkäys
yökkäykseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yökkäys
yökkäykselle                            :S:All:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksenä                             :S:Ess:                   yökkäys
yökkäykseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksettä                            :S:Abe:                   yökkäys
yökkäykset                              :P:Nom:                   yökkäys
yökkäysten                              :P:Gen:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksien                             :P:Gen:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksiä                              :P:Par:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksissä                            :P:Ine:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksistä                            :P:Ela:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksiin                             :P:Ill:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksillä                            :P:Ade:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksille                            :P:All:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksinä                             :P:Ess:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksin                              :P:Ins:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksittä                            :P:Abe:                   yökkäys
yökkäyksine                             :P:Kom:                   yökkäys
yökkö                                   :S:Nom:                   yökkö
yökön                                   :S:Gen:                   yökkö
yökköä                                  :S:Par:                   yökkö
yökössä                                 :S:Ine:                   yökkö
yököstä                                 :S:Ela:                   yökkö
yökköön                                 :S:Ill:                   yökkö
yököllä                                 :S:Ade:                   yökkö
yököltä                                 :S:Abl:                   yökkö
yökölle                                 :S:All:                   yökkö
yökkönä                                 :S:Ess:                   yökkö
yököksi                                 :S:Tra:                   yökkö
yököttä                                 :S:Abe:                   yökkö
yököt                                   :P:Nom:                   yökkö
yökköjen                                :P:Gen:                   yökkö
yökköjä                                 :P:Par:                   yökkö
yököissä                                :P:Ine:                   yökkö
yököistä                                :P:Ela:                   yökkö
yökköihin                               :P:Ill:                   yökkö
yököillä                                :P:Ade:                   yökkö
yököiltä                                :P:Abl:                   yökkö
yököille                                :P:All:                   yökkö
yökköinä                                :P:Ess:                   yökkö
yököiksi                                :P:Tra:                   yökkö
yököin                                  :P:Ins:                   yökkö
yököittä                                :P:Abe:                   yökkö
yökköine                                :P:Kom:                   yökkö
yökkönen                                :S:Nom:                   yökkönen
yökkösen                                :S:Gen:                   yökkönen
yökköstä                                :S:Par:                   yökkönen
yökkösessä                              :S:Ine:                   yökkönen
yökkösestä                              :S:Ela:                   yökkönen
yökköseen                               :S:Ill:                   yökkönen
yökkösellä                              :S:Ade:                   yökkönen
yökköseltä                              :S:Abl:                   yökkönen
yökköselle                              :S:All:                   yökkönen
yökkösenä                               :S:Ess:                   yökkönen
yökköseksi                              :S:Tra:                   yökkönen
yökkösettä                              :S:Abe:                   yökkönen
yökköset                                :P:Nom:                   yökkönen
yökkösten                               :P:Gen:                   yökkönen
yökkösin                                :P:Gen:                   yökkönen
yökkösiä                                :P:Par:                   yökkönen
yökkösissä                              :P:Ine:                   yökkönen
yökkösistä                              :P:Ela:                   yökkönen
yökkösiin                               :P:Ill:                   yökkönen
yökkösillä                              :P:Ade:                   yökkönen
yökkösiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yökkönen
yökkösille                              :P:All:                   yökkönen
yökkösinä                               :P:Ess:                   yökkönen
yökkösiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yökkönen
yökkösin                                :P:Ins:                   yökkönen
yökkösittä                              :P:Abe:                   yökkönen
yökkösine                               :P:Kom:                   yökkönen
yökortteeri                             :S:Nom:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerin                            :S:Gen:                   yökortteeri
yökortteeria                            :S:Par:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerissa                          :S:Ine:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerista                          :S:Ela:                   yökortteeri
yökortteeriin                           :S:Ill:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerilla                          :S:Ade:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerilta                          :S:Abl:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerille                          :S:All:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerina                           :S:Ess:                   yökortteeri
yökortteeriksi                          :S:Tra:                   yökortteeri
yökortteeritta                          :S:Abe:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerit                            :P:Nom:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerien                           :P:Gen:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereiden                         :P:Gen:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereitten                        :P:Gen:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereja                           :P:Par:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereita                          :P:Par:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereissa                         :P:Ine:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereista                         :P:Ela:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereihin                         :P:Ill:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereilla                         :P:Ade:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereilta                         :P:Abl:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereille                         :P:All:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereina                          :P:Ess:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yökortteeri
yökortteerein                           :P:Ins:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereitta                         :P:Abe:                   yökortteeri
yökortteereine                          :P:Kom:                   yökortteeri
yökulkija                               :S:Nom:                   yökulkija
yökulkijan                              :S:Gen:                   yökulkija
yökulkijaa                              :S:Par:                   yökulkija
yökulkijassa                            :S:Ine:                   yökulkija
yökulkijasta                            :S:Ela:                   yökulkija
yökulkijaan                             :S:Ill:                   yökulkija
yökulkijalla                            :S:Ade:                   yökulkija
yökulkijalta                            :S:Abl:                   yökulkija
yökulkijalle                            :S:All:                   yökulkija
yökulkijana                             :S:Ess:                   yökulkija
yökulkijaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yökulkija
yökulkijatta                            :S:Abe:                   yökulkija
yökulkijat                              :P:Nom:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoiden                           :P:Gen:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoitten                          :P:Gen:                   yökulkija
yökulkijain                             :P:Gen:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoita                            :P:Par:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoista                           :P:Ela:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoihin                           :P:Ill:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoille                           :P:All:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoina                            :P:Ess:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoin                             :P:Ins:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yökulkija
yökulkijoine                            :P:Kom:                   yökulkija
yökylmä                                 :S:Nom:                   yökylmä
yökylmän                                :S:Gen:                   yökylmä
yökylmää                                :S:Par:                   yökylmä
yökylmässä                              :S:Ine:                   yökylmä
yökylmästä                              :S:Ela:                   yökylmä
yökylmään                               :S:Ill:                   yökylmä
yökylmällä                              :S:Ade:                   yökylmä
yökylmältä                              :S:Abl:                   yökylmä
yökylmälle                              :S:All:                   yökylmä
yökylmänä                               :S:Ess:                   yökylmä
yökylmäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yökylmä
yökylmättä                              :S:Abe:                   yökylmä
yökylmät                                :P:Nom:                   yökylmä
yökylmien                               :P:Gen:                   yökylmä
yökylmäin                               :P:Gen:                   yökylmä
yökylmiä                                :P:Par:                   yökylmä
yökylmissä                              :P:Ine:                   yökylmä
yökylmistä                              :P:Ela:                   yökylmä
yökylmiin                               :P:Ill:                   yökylmä
yökylmillä                              :P:Ade:                   yökylmä
yökylmiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yökylmä
yökylmille                              :P:All:                   yökylmä
yökylminä                               :P:Ess:                   yökylmä
yökylmiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yökylmä
yökylmin                                :P:Ins:                   yökylmä
yökylmittä                              :P:Abe:                   yökylmä
yökylmine                               :P:Kom:                   yökylmä
yökylässä                               :S:Nom:                   yökylässä
yökylässän                              :S:Gen:                   yökylässä
yökylässää                              :S:Par:                   yökylässä
yökylässässä                            :S:Ine:                   yökylässä
yökylässästä                            :S:Ela:                   yökylässä
yökylässään                             :S:Ill:                   yökylässä
yökylässällä                            :S:Ade:                   yökylässä
yökylässältä                            :S:Abl:                   yökylässä
yökylässälle                            :S:All:                   yökylässä
yökylässänä                             :S:Ess:                   yökylässä
yökylässäksi                            :S:Tra:                   yökylässä
yökylässättä                            :S:Abe:                   yökylässä
yökylässät                              :P:Nom:                   yökylässä
yökylässien                             :P:Gen:                   yökylässä
yökylässäin                             :P:Gen:                   yökylässä
yökylässiä                              :P:Par:                   yökylässä
yökylässissä                            :P:Ine:                   yökylässä
yökylässistä                            :P:Ela:                   yökylässä
yökylässiin                             :P:Ill:                   yökylässä
yökylässillä                            :P:Ade:                   yökylässä
yökylässiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yökylässä
yökylässille                            :P:All:                   yökylässä
yökylässinä                             :P:Ess:                   yökylässä
yökylässiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yökylässä
yökylässin                              :P:Ins:                   yökylässä
yökylässittä                            :P:Abe:                   yökylässä
yökylässine                             :P:Kom:                   yökylässä
yökyöpeli                               :S:Nom:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelin                              :S:Gen:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeliä                              :S:Par:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelissä                            :S:Ine:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelistä                            :S:Ela:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeliin                             :S:Ill:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelillä                            :S:Ade:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeliltä                            :S:Abl:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelille                            :S:All:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelinä                             :S:Ess:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeliksi                            :S:Tra:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelittä                            :S:Abe:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelit                              :P:Nom:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelien                             :P:Gen:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleiden                           :P:Gen:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleitten                          :P:Gen:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelejä                             :P:Par:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleitä                            :P:Par:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleissä                           :P:Ine:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleistä                           :P:Ela:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleihin                           :P:Ill:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleillä                           :P:Ade:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleille                           :P:All:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleinä                            :P:Ess:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpelein                             :P:Ins:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleittä                           :P:Abe:                   yökyöpeli
yökyöpeleine                            :P:Kom:                   yökyöpeli
yökkään                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yökätä
yökkäät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökkää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökkäämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökkäätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökkäävät                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökätään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yökätä
yökkää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yökätä
yökkää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökkää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökkää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökkää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökkää                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökätä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökkäsin                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yökätä
yökkäsit                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökkäsi                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökkäsimme                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökkäsitte                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökkäsivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökättiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökätty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökännen                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yökätä
yökännet                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökännee                                :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökännemme                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökännette                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökännevät                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökättäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yökätä
yökänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yökätä
yökänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökänne                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökättäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökkäisin                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yökätä
yökkäisit                               :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökkäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökkäisimme                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökkäisitte                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökkäisivät                             :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökättäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             yökätä
yökkäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yökätä
yökkäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökkäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökkäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökkäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökkäisi                                :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökättäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökkää                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökätköön                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökätkäämme                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökätkää                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökätkööt                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökättäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yökätä
yökkää                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökätkö                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökättäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yökätä
yökätä                                  :Inf1:                    yökätä
yökätäkseen                             :Inf1:L:                  yökätä
yökätessä                               :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yökätä
yökättäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yökätä
yökäten                                 :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yökätä
yökkäämässä                             :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yökätä
yökkäämästä                             :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yökätä
yökkäämään                              :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yökätä
yökkäämällä                             :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yökätä
yökkäämättä                             :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yökätä
yökkäämän                               :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yökätä
yökättämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yökätä
yökkääminen                             :Inf4:Nom:                yökätä
yökkäämistä                             :Inf4:Par:                yökätä
yökkäämäisillään                        :Inf5:                    yökätä
yökkäävä                                :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yökätä
yökättävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yökätä
yökännyt                                :Cip:Per:Akt:             yökätä
yökätty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             yökätä
yökkäämä                                :Cip:Age:                 yökätä
yökkäämätön                             :Cip:Age:Neg:             yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökätty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökätty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökätty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökätty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yökätä
yökännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökätty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             yökätä
yökännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökätty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yökätä
yökännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yökätä
yökännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökätty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             yökätä
yökännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yökätä
yökännyt                                :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökätty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökännyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yökätä
yökänneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yökätä
yökätty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             yökätä
yökännyt                                :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yökätä
yökänneet                               :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yökätä
yökätty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yökätä
yökötän                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yököttää
yökötät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yököttää                                :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yökötämme                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yökötätte                               :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttävät                              :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötetään                              :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yököttää
yökötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yököttää
yökötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yökötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yökötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yökötä                                  :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötetä                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yökötin                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yököttää
yökötit                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yökötti                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yökötimme                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yökötitte                               :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttivät                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötettiin                             :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötetty                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yököttänen                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yököttää
yököttänet                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yököttänee                              :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yököttänemme                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yököttänette                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttänevät                            :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötettäneen                           :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yököttää
yököttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötettäne                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yököttäisin                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yököttää
yököttäisit                             :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yököttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yököttäisimme                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yököttäisitte                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttäisivät                           :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötettäisiin                          :Con:Pre:Pas:             yököttää
yököttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötettäisi                            :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yökötä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yököttäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yököttäkäämme                           :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yököttäkää                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttäkööt                             :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötettäköön                           :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yököttää
yökötä                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötettäkö                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yököttää
yököttää                                :Inf1:                    yököttää
yököttääkseen                           :Inf1:L:                  yököttää
yököttäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yököttää
yökötettäessä                           :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yököttää
yököttäen                               :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yököttää
yököttämässä                            :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yököttää
yököttämästä                            :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yököttää
yököttämään                             :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yököttää
yököttämällä                            :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yököttää
yököttämättä                            :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yököttää
yököttämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yököttää
yökötettämän                            :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yököttää
yököttäminen                            :Inf4:Nom:                yököttää
yököttämistä                            :Inf4:Par:                yököttää
yököttämäisillään                       :Inf5:                    yököttää
yököttävä                               :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yököttää
yökötettävä                             :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Cip:Per:Akt:             yököttää
yökötetty                               :Cip:Per:Pas:             yököttää
yököttämä                               :Cip:Age:                 yököttää
yököttämätön                            :Cip:Age:Neg:             yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:             yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötetty                               :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötetty                               :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:             yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötetty                               :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:             yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötetty                               :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yököttää
yökötetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:             yököttää
yököttänyt                              :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yököttää
yököttäneet                             :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yököttää
yökötetty                               :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yököttää
yölamppu                                :S:Nom:                   yölamppu
yölampun                                :S:Gen:                   yölamppu
yölamppua                               :S:Par:                   yölamppu
yölampussa                              :S:Ine:                   yölamppu
yölampusta                              :S:Ela:                   yölamppu
yölamppuun                              :S:Ill:                   yölamppu
yölampulla                              :S:Ade:                   yölamppu
yölampulta                              :S:Abl:                   yölamppu
yölampulle                              :S:All:                   yölamppu
yölamppuna                              :S:Ess:                   yölamppu
yölampuksi                              :S:Tra:                   yölamppu
yölamputta                              :S:Abe:                   yölamppu
yölamput                                :P:Nom:                   yölamppu
yölamppujen                             :P:Gen:                   yölamppu
yölamppuja                              :P:Par:                   yölamppu
yölampuissa                             :P:Ine:                   yölamppu
yölampuista                             :P:Ela:                   yölamppu
yölamppuihin                            :P:Ill:                   yölamppu
yölampuilla                             :P:Ade:                   yölamppu
yölampuilta                             :P:Abl:                   yölamppu
yölampuille                             :P:All:                   yölamppu
yölamppuina                             :P:Ess:                   yölamppu
yölampuiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yölamppu
yölampuin                               :P:Ins:                   yölamppu
yölampuitta                             :P:Abe:                   yölamppu
yölamppuine                             :P:Kom:                   yölamppu
yölento                                 :S:Nom:                   yölento
yölennon                                :S:Gen:                   yölento
yölentoa                                :S:Par:                   yölento
yölennossa                              :S:Ine:                   yölento
yölennosta                              :S:Ela:                   yölento
yölentoon                               :S:Ill:                   yölento
yölennolla                              :S:Ade:                   yölento
yölennolta                              :S:Abl:                   yölento
yölennolle                              :S:All:                   yölento
yölentona                               :S:Ess:                   yölento
yölennoksi                              :S:Tra:                   yölento
yölennotta                              :S:Abe:                   yölento
yölennot                                :P:Nom:                   yölento
yölentojen                              :P:Gen:                   yölento
yölentoja                               :P:Par:                   yölento
yölennoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yölento
yölennoista                             :P:Ela:                   yölento
yölentoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yölento
yölennoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yölento
yölennoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yölento
yölennoille                             :P:All:                   yölento
yölentoina                              :P:Ess:                   yölento
yölennoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yölento
yölennoin                               :P:Ins:                   yölento
yölennoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yölento
yölentoine                              :P:Kom:                   yölento
yölepo                                  :S:Nom:                   yölepo
yölevon                                 :S:Gen:                   yölepo
yölepoa                                 :S:Par:                   yölepo
yölevossa                               :S:Ine:                   yölepo
yölevosta                               :S:Ela:                   yölepo
yölepoon                                :S:Ill:                   yölepo
yölevolla                               :S:Ade:                   yölepo
yölevolta                               :S:Abl:                   yölepo
yölevolle                               :S:All:                   yölepo
yölepona                                :S:Ess:                   yölepo
yölevoksi                               :S:Tra:                   yölepo
yölevotta                               :S:Abe:                   yölepo
yölevot                                 :P:Nom:                   yölepo
yölepojen                               :P:Gen:                   yölepo
yölepoja                                :P:Par:                   yölepo
yölevoissa                              :P:Ine:                   yölepo
yölevoista                              :P:Ela:                   yölepo
yölepoihin                              :P:Ill:                   yölepo
yölevoilla                              :P:Ade:                   yölepo
yölevoilta                              :P:Abl:                   yölepo
yölevoille                              :P:All:                   yölepo
yölepoina                               :P:Ess:                   yölepo
yölevoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yölepo
yölevoin                                :P:Ins:                   yölepo
yölevoitta                              :P:Abe:                   yölepo
yölepoine                               :P:Kom:                   yölepo
yöliikenne                              :S:Nom:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteen                            :S:Gen:                   yöliikenne
yöliikennettä                           :S:Par:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteessä                          :S:Ine:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteestä                          :S:Ela:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteeseen                         :S:Ill:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteellä                          :S:Ade:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteeltä                          :S:Abl:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteelle                          :S:All:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteenä                           :S:Ess:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteeksi                          :S:Tra:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteettä                          :S:Abe:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteet                            :P:Nom:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteiden                          :P:Gen:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenneitten                         :P:Gen:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteitä                           :P:Par:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteissä                          :P:Ine:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteistä                          :P:Ela:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteisiin                         :P:Ill:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteihin                          :P:Ill:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteillä                          :P:Ade:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteille                          :P:All:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteinä                           :P:Ess:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yöliikenne
yöliikentein                            :P:Ins:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteittä                          :P:Abe:                   yöliikenne
yöliikenteine                           :P:Kom:                   yöliikenne
yölintu                                 :S:Nom:                   yölintu
yölinnun                                :S:Gen:                   yölintu
yölintua                                :S:Par:                   yölintu
yölinnussa                              :S:Ine:                   yölintu
yölinnusta                              :S:Ela:                   yölintu
yölintuun                               :S:Ill:                   yölintu
yölinnulla                              :S:Ade:                   yölintu
yölinnulta                              :S:Abl:                   yölintu
yölinnulle                              :S:All:                   yölintu
yölintuna                               :S:Ess:                   yölintu
yölinnuksi                              :S:Tra:                   yölintu
yölinnutta                              :S:Abe:                   yölintu
yölinnut                                :P:Nom:                   yölintu
yölintujen                              :P:Gen:                   yölintu
yölintuja                               :P:Par:                   yölintu
yölinnuissa                             :P:Ine:                   yölintu
yölinnuista                             :P:Ela:                   yölintu
yölintuihin                             :P:Ill:                   yölintu
yölinnuilla                             :P:Ade:                   yölintu
yölinnuilta                             :P:Abl:                   yölintu
yölinnuille                             :P:All:                   yölintu
yölintuina                              :P:Ess:                   yölintu
yölinnuiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yölintu
yölinnuin                               :P:Ins:                   yölintu
yölinnuitta                             :P:Abe:                   yölintu
yölintuine                              :P:Kom:                   yölintu
yöllinen                                :S:Nom:                   yöllinen
yöllisen                                :S:Gen:                   yöllinen
yöllistä                                :S:Par:                   yöllinen
yöllisessä                              :S:Ine:                   yöllinen
yöllisestä                              :S:Ela:                   yöllinen
yölliseen                               :S:Ill:                   yöllinen
yöllisellä                              :S:Ade:                   yöllinen
yölliseltä                              :S:Abl:                   yöllinen
yölliselle                              :S:All:                   yöllinen
yöllisenä                               :S:Ess:                   yöllinen
yölliseksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöllinen
yöllisettä                              :S:Abe:                   yöllinen
yölliset                                :P:Nom:                   yöllinen
yöllisten                               :P:Gen:                   yöllinen
yöllisin                                :P:Gen:                   yöllinen
yöllisiä                                :P:Par:                   yöllinen
yöllisissä                              :P:Ine:                   yöllinen
yöllisistä                              :P:Ela:                   yöllinen
yöllisiin                               :P:Ill:                   yöllinen
yöllisillä                              :P:Ade:                   yöllinen
yöllisiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yöllinen
yöllisille                              :P:All:                   yöllinen
yöllisinä                               :P:Ess:                   yöllinen
yöllisiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöllinen
yöllisin                                :P:Ins:                   yöllinen
yöllisittä                              :P:Abe:                   yöllinen
yöllisine                               :P:Kom:                   yöllinen
yölämmitys                              :S:Nom:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksen                           :S:Gen:                   yölämmitys
yölämmitystä                            :S:Par:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksessä                         :S:Ine:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksestä                         :S:Ela:                   yölämmitys
yölämmitykseen                          :S:Ill:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksellä                         :S:Ade:                   yölämmitys
yölämmitykseltä                         :S:Abl:                   yölämmitys
yölämmitykselle                         :S:All:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksenä                          :S:Ess:                   yölämmitys
yölämmitykseksi                         :S:Tra:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksettä                         :S:Abe:                   yölämmitys
yölämmitykset                           :P:Nom:                   yölämmitys
yölämmitysten                           :P:Gen:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksien                          :P:Gen:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksiä                           :P:Par:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksissä                         :P:Ine:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksistä                         :P:Ela:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksiin                          :P:Ill:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksillä                         :P:Ade:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksiltä                         :P:Abl:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksille                         :P:All:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksinä                          :P:Ess:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksin                           :P:Ins:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksittä                         :P:Abe:                   yölämmitys
yölämmityksine                          :P:Kom:                   yölämmitys
yölämpötila                             :S:Nom:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilan                            :S:Gen:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilaa                            :S:Par:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilassa                          :S:Ine:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilasta                          :S:Ela:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilaan                           :S:Ill:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilalla                          :S:Ade:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilalta                          :S:Abl:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilalle                          :S:All:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilana                           :S:Ess:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilatta                          :S:Abe:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilat                            :P:Nom:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilojen                          :P:Gen:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötilain                           :P:Gen:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloja                           :P:Par:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloissa                         :P:Ine:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloista                         :P:Ela:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloihin                         :P:Ill:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloilla                         :P:Ade:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloilta                         :P:Abl:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloille                         :P:All:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloina                          :P:Ess:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloin                           :P:Ins:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloitta                         :P:Abe:                   yölämpötila
yölämpötiloine                          :P:Kom:                   yölämpötila
yömaja                                  :S:Nom:                   yömaja
yömajan                                 :S:Gen:                   yömaja
yömajaa                                 :S:Par:                   yömaja
yömajassa                               :S:Ine:                   yömaja
yömajasta                               :S:Ela:                   yömaja
yömajaan                                :S:Ill:                   yömaja
yömajalla                               :S:Ade:                   yömaja
yömajalta                               :S:Abl:                   yömaja
yömajalle                               :S:All:                   yömaja
yömajana                                :S:Ess:                   yömaja
yömajaksi                               :S:Tra:                   yömaja
yömajatta                               :S:Abe:                   yömaja
yömajat                                 :P:Nom:                   yömaja
yömajojen                               :P:Gen:                   yömaja
yömajain                                :P:Gen:                   yömaja
yömajoja                                :P:Par:                   yömaja
yömajoissa                              :P:Ine:                   yömaja
yömajoista                              :P:Ela:                   yömaja
yömajoihin                              :P:Ill:                   yömaja
yömajoilla                              :P:Ade:                   yömaja
yömajoilta                              :P:Abl:                   yömaja
yömajoille                              :P:All:                   yömaja
yömajoina                               :P:Ess:                   yömaja
yömajoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yömaja
yömajoin                                :P:Ins:                   yömaja
yömajoitta                              :P:Abe:                   yömaja
yömajoine                               :P:Kom:                   yömaja
yömyssy                                 :S:Nom:                   yömyssy
yömyssyn                                :S:Gen:                   yömyssy
yömyssyä                                :S:Par:                   yömyssy
yömyssyssä                              :S:Ine:                   yömyssy
yömyssystä                              :S:Ela:                   yömyssy
yömyssyyn                               :S:Ill:                   yömyssy
yömyssyllä                              :S:Ade:                   yömyssy
yömyssyltä                              :S:Abl:                   yömyssy
yömyssylle                              :S:All:                   yömyssy
yömyssynä                               :S:Ess:                   yömyssy
yömyssyksi                              :S:Tra:                   yömyssy
yömyssyttä                              :S:Abe:                   yömyssy
yömyssyt                                :P:Nom:                   yömyssy
yömyssyjen                              :P:Gen:                   yömyssy
yömyssyjä                               :P:Par:                   yömyssy
yömyssyissä                             :P:Ine:                   yömyssy
yömyssyistä                             :P:Ela:                   yömyssy
yömyssyihin                             :P:Ill:                   yömyssy
yömyssyillä                             :P:Ade:                   yömyssy
yömyssyiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yömyssy
yömyssyille                             :P:All:                   yömyssy
yömyssyinä                              :P:Ess:                   yömyssy
yömyssyiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yömyssy
yömyssyin                               :P:Ins:                   yömyssy
yömyssyittä                             :P:Abe:                   yömyssy
yömyssyine                              :P:Kom:                   yömyssy
yömyöhä                                 :S:Nom:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhän                                :S:Gen:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhää                                :S:Par:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhässä                              :S:Ine:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhästä                              :S:Ela:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhään                               :S:Ill:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhällä                              :S:Ade:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhältä                              :S:Abl:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhälle                              :S:All:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhänä                               :S:Ess:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhättä                              :S:Abe:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhät                                :P:Nom:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhien                               :P:Gen:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhäin                               :P:Gen:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhiä                                :P:Par:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhissä                              :P:Ine:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhistä                              :P:Ela:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhiin                               :P:Ill:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhillä                              :P:Ade:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhille                              :P:All:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhinä                               :P:Ess:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhin                                :P:Ins:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhittä                              :P:Abe:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhine                               :P:Kom:                   yömyöhä
yömyöhäinen                             :S:Nom:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisen                             :S:Gen:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäistä                             :S:Par:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisessä                           :S:Ine:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisestä                           :S:Ela:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäiseen                            :S:Ill:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisellä                           :S:Ade:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäiseltä                           :S:Abl:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäiselle                           :S:All:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisenä                            :S:Ess:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäiseksi                           :S:Tra:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisettä                           :S:Abe:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäiset                             :P:Nom:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisten                            :P:Gen:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisin                             :P:Gen:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisiä                             :P:Par:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisissä                           :P:Ine:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisistä                           :P:Ela:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisillä                           :P:Ade:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisille                           :P:All:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisinä                            :P:Ess:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisin                             :P:Ins:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisittä                           :P:Abe:                   yömyöhäinen
yömyöhäisine                            :P:Kom:                   yömyöhäinen
yönkuningatar                           :S:Nom:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattaren                        :S:Gen:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningatarta                         :S:Par:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattaressa                      :S:Ine:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattaresta                      :S:Ela:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattareen                       :S:Ill:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarella                      :S:Ade:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarelta                      :S:Abl:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarelle                      :S:All:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarena                       :S:Ess:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattareksi                      :S:Tra:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattaretta                      :S:Abe:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattaret                        :P:Nom:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarien                       :P:Gen:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningatarten                        :P:Gen:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattaria                        :P:Par:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarissa                      :P:Ine:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarista                      :P:Ela:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattariin                       :P:Ill:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarilla                      :P:Ade:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarilta                      :P:Abl:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarille                      :P:All:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarina                       :P:Ess:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattariksi                      :P:Tra:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarin                        :P:Ins:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattaritta                      :P:Abe:                   yönkuningatar
yönkuningattarine                       :P:Kom:                   yönkuningatar
yönmusta                                :S:Nom:                   yönmusta
yönmustan                               :S:Gen:                   yönmusta
yönmustaa                               :S:Par:                   yönmusta
yönmustassa                             :S:Ine:                   yönmusta
yönmustasta                             :S:Ela:                   yönmusta
yönmustaan                              :S:Ill:                   yönmusta
yönmustalla                             :S:Ade:                   yönmusta
yönmustalta                             :S:Abl:                   yönmusta
yönmustalle                             :S:All:                   yönmusta
yönmustana                              :S:Ess:                   yönmusta
yönmustaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yönmusta
yönmustatta                             :S:Abe:                   yönmusta
yönmustat                               :P:Nom:                   yönmusta
yönmustien                              :P:Gen:                   yönmusta
yönmustain                              :P:Gen:                   yönmusta
yönmustia                               :P:Par:                   yönmusta
yönmustissa                             :P:Ine:                   yönmusta
yönmustista                             :P:Ela:                   yönmusta
yönmustiin                              :P:Ill:                   yönmusta
yönmustilla                             :P:Ade:                   yönmusta
yönmustilta                             :P:Abl:                   yönmusta
yönmustille                             :P:All:                   yönmusta
yönmustina                              :P:Ess:                   yönmusta
yönmustiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yönmusta
yönmustin                               :P:Ins:                   yönmusta
yönmustitta                             :P:Abe:                   yönmusta
yönmustine                              :P:Kom:                   yönmusta
yönseutu                                :S:Nom:                   yönseutu
yönseudun                               :S:Gen:                   yönseutu
yönseutua                               :S:Par:                   yönseutu
yönseudussa                             :S:Ine:                   yönseutu
yönseudusta                             :S:Ela:                   yönseutu
yönseutuun                              :S:Ill:                   yönseutu
yönseudulla                             :S:Ade:                   yönseutu
yönseudulta                             :S:Abl:                   yönseutu
yönseudulle                             :S:All:                   yönseutu
yönseutuna                              :S:Ess:                   yönseutu
yönseuduksi                             :S:Tra:                   yönseutu
yönseudutta                             :S:Abe:                   yönseutu
yönseudut                               :P:Nom:                   yönseutu
yönseutujen                             :P:Gen:                   yönseutu
yönseutuja                              :P:Par:                   yönseutu
yönseuduissa                            :P:Ine:                   yönseutu
yönseuduista                            :P:Ela:                   yönseutu
yönseutuihin                            :P:Ill:                   yönseutu
yönseuduilla                            :P:Ade:                   yönseutu
yönseuduilta                            :P:Abl:                   yönseutu
yönseuduille                            :P:All:                   yönseutu
yönseutuina                             :P:Ess:                   yönseutu
yönseuduiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yönseutu
yönseuduin                              :P:Ins:                   yönseutu
yönseuduitta                            :P:Abe:                   yönseutu
yönseutuine                             :P:Kom:                   yönseutu
yönsininen                              :S:Nom:                   yönsininen
yönsinisen                              :S:Gen:                   yönsininen
yönsinistä                              :S:Par:                   yönsininen
yönsinisessä                            :S:Ine:                   yönsininen
yönsinisestä                            :S:Ela:                   yönsininen
yönsiniseen                             :S:Ill:                   yönsininen
yönsinisellä                            :S:Ade:                   yönsininen
yönsiniseltä                            :S:Abl:                   yönsininen
yönsiniselle                            :S:All:                   yönsininen
yönsinisenä                             :S:Ess:                   yönsininen
yönsiniseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yönsininen
yönsinisettä                            :S:Abe:                   yönsininen
yönsiniset                              :P:Nom:                   yönsininen
yönsinisten                             :P:Gen:                   yönsininen
yönsinisin                              :P:Gen:                   yönsininen
yönsinisiä                              :P:Par:                   yönsininen
yönsinisissä                            :P:Ine:                   yönsininen
yönsinisistä                            :P:Ela:                   yönsininen
yönsinisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yönsininen
yönsinisillä                            :P:Ade:                   yönsininen
yönsinisiltä                            :P:Abl:                   yönsininen
yönsinisille                            :P:All:                   yönsininen
yönsinisinä                             :P:Ess:                   yönsininen
yönsinisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yönsininen
yönsinisin                              :P:Ins:                   yönsininen
yönsinisittä                            :P:Abe:                   yönsininen
yönsinisine                             :P:Kom:                   yönsininen
yönäkö                                  :S:Nom:                   yönäkö
yönäön                                  :S:Gen:                   yönäkö
yönäköä                                 :S:Par:                   yönäkö
yönäössä                                :S:Ine:                   yönäkö
yönäöstä                                :S:Ela:                   yönäkö
yönäköön                                :S:Ill:                   yönäkö
yönäöllä                                :S:Ade:                   yönäkö
yönäöltä                                :S:Abl:                   yönäkö
yönäölle                                :S:All:                   yönäkö
yönäkönä                                :S:Ess:                   yönäkö
yönäöksi                                :S:Tra:                   yönäkö
yönäöttä                                :S:Abe:                   yönäkö
yönäöt                                  :P:Nom:                   yönäkö
yönäköjen                               :P:Gen:                   yönäkö
yönäköjä                                :P:Par:                   yönäkö
yönäöissä                               :P:Ine:                   yönäkö
yönäöistä                               :P:Ela:                   yönäkö
yönäköihin                              :P:Ill:                   yönäkö
yönäöillä                               :P:Ade:                   yönäkö
yönäöiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yönäkö
yönäöille                               :P:All:                   yönäkö
yönäköinä                               :P:Ess:                   yönäkö
yönäöiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yönäkö
yönäöin                                 :P:Ins:                   yönäkö
yönäöittä                               :P:Abe:                   yönäkö
yönäköine                               :P:Kom:                   yönäkö
yönäytäntö                              :S:Nom:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännön                             :S:Gen:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytäntöä                             :S:Par:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännössä                           :S:Ine:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöstä                           :S:Ela:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytäntöön                            :S:Ill:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöllä                           :S:Ade:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöltä                           :S:Abl:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännölle                           :S:All:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytäntönä                            :S:Ess:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöksi                           :S:Tra:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöttä                           :S:Abe:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöt                             :P:Nom:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytäntöjen                           :P:Gen:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytäntöjä                            :P:Par:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöissä                          :P:Ine:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöistä                          :P:Ela:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytäntöihin                          :P:Ill:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöillä                          :P:Ade:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöiltä                          :P:Abl:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöille                          :P:All:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytäntöinä                           :P:Ess:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöin                            :P:Ins:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytännöittä                          :P:Abe:                   yönäytäntö
yönäytäntöine                           :P:Kom:                   yönäytäntö
yöpaikka                                :S:Nom:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikan                                :S:Gen:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkaa                               :S:Par:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikassa                              :S:Ine:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikasta                              :S:Ela:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkaan                              :S:Ill:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikalla                              :S:Ade:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikalta                              :S:Abl:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikalle                              :S:All:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkana                              :S:Ess:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikatta                              :S:Abe:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikat                                :P:Nom:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkojen                             :P:Gen:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkain                              :P:Gen:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkoja                              :P:Par:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikoista                             :P:Ela:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikoille                             :P:All:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkoina                             :P:Ess:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikoin                               :P:Ins:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yöpaikka
yöpaikkoine                             :P:Kom:                   yöpaikka
yöpaita                                 :S:Nom:                   yöpaita
yöpaidan                                :S:Gen:                   yöpaita
yöpaitaa                                :S:Par:                   yöpaita
yöpaidassa                              :S:Ine:                   yöpaita
yöpaidasta                              :S:Ela:                   yöpaita
yöpaitaan                               :S:Ill:                   yöpaita
yöpaidalla                              :S:Ade:                   yöpaita
yöpaidalta                              :S:Abl:                   yöpaita
yöpaidalle                              :S:All:                   yöpaita
yöpaitana                               :S:Ess:                   yöpaita
yöpaidaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöpaita
yöpaidatta                              :S:Abe:                   yöpaita
yöpaidat                                :P:Nom:                   yöpaita
yöpaitojen                              :P:Gen:                   yöpaita
yöpaitain                               :P:Gen:                   yöpaita
yöpaitoja                               :P:Par:                   yöpaita
yöpaidoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yöpaita
yöpaidoista                             :P:Ela:                   yöpaita
yöpaitoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yöpaita
yöpaidoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yöpaita
yöpaidoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yöpaita
yöpaidoille                             :P:All:                   yöpaita
yöpaitoina                              :P:Ess:                   yöpaita
yöpaidoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yöpaita
yöpaidoin                               :P:Ins:                   yöpaita
yöpaidoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yöpaita
yöpaitoine                              :P:Kom:                   yöpaita
yöpakkanen                              :S:Nom:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasen                              :S:Gen:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasta                              :S:Par:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasessa                            :S:Ine:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasesta                            :S:Ela:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkaseen                             :S:Ill:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasella                            :S:Ade:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkaselta                            :S:Abl:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkaselle                            :S:All:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasena                             :S:Ess:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkaseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasetta                            :S:Abe:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkaset                              :P:Nom:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasten                             :P:Gen:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasin                              :P:Gen:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasia                              :P:Par:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasissa                            :P:Ine:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasista                            :P:Ela:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasiin                             :P:Ill:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasilla                            :P:Ade:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasilta                            :P:Abl:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasille                            :P:All:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasina                             :P:Ess:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasin                              :P:Ins:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasitta                            :P:Abe:                   yöpakkanen
yöpakkasine                             :P:Kom:                   yöpakkanen
yöpala                                  :S:Nom:                   yöpala
yöpalan                                 :S:Gen:                   yöpala
yöpalaa                                 :S:Par:                   yöpala
yöpalassa                               :S:Ine:                   yöpala
yöpalasta                               :S:Ela:                   yöpala
yöpalaan                                :S:Ill:                   yöpala
yöpalalla                               :S:Ade:                   yöpala
yöpalalta                               :S:Abl:                   yöpala
yöpalalle                               :S:All:                   yöpala
yöpalana                                :S:Ess:                   yöpala
yöpalaksi                               :S:Tra:                   yöpala
yöpalatta                               :S:Abe:                   yöpala
yöpalat                                 :P:Nom:                   yöpala
yöpalojen                               :P:Gen:                   yöpala
yöpalain                                :P:Gen:                   yöpala
yöpaloja                                :P:Par:                   yöpala
yöpaloissa                              :P:Ine:                   yöpala
yöpaloista                              :P:Ela:                   yöpala
yöpaloihin                              :P:Ill:                   yöpala
yöpaloilla                              :P:Ade:                   yöpala
yöpaloilta                              :P:Abl:                   yöpala
yöpaloille                              :P:All:                   yöpala
yöpaloina                               :P:Ess:                   yöpala
yöpaloiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöpala
yöpaloin                                :P:Ins:                   yöpala
yöpaloitta                              :P:Abe:                   yöpala
yöpaloine                               :P:Kom:                   yöpala
yöperhonen                              :S:Nom:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosen                              :S:Gen:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosta                              :S:Par:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosessa                            :S:Ine:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosesta                            :S:Ela:                   yöperhonen
yöperhoseen                             :S:Ill:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosella                            :S:Ade:                   yöperhonen
yöperhoselta                            :S:Abl:                   yöperhonen
yöperhoselle                            :S:All:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosena                             :S:Ess:                   yöperhonen
yöperhoseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosetta                            :S:Abe:                   yöperhonen
yöperhoset                              :P:Nom:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosten                             :P:Gen:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosin                              :P:Gen:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosia                              :P:Par:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosissa                            :P:Ine:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosista                            :P:Ela:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosiin                             :P:Ill:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosilla                            :P:Ade:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosilta                            :P:Abl:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosille                            :P:All:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosina                             :P:Ess:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosin                              :P:Ins:                   yöperhonen
yöperhositta                            :P:Abe:                   yöperhonen
yöperhosine                             :P:Kom:                   yöperhonen
yöpilvi                                 :S:Nom:                   yöpilvi
yöpilven                                :S:Gen:                   yöpilvi
yöpilveä                                :S:Par:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvessä                              :S:Ine:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvestä                              :S:Ela:                   yöpilvi
yöpilveen                               :S:Ill:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvellä                              :S:Ade:                   yöpilvi
yöpilveltä                              :S:Abl:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvelle                              :S:All:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvenä                               :S:Ess:                   yöpilvi
yöpilveksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvettä                              :S:Abe:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvet                                :P:Nom:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvien                               :P:Gen:                   yöpilvi
yöpilviä                                :P:Par:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvissä                              :P:Ine:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvistä                              :P:Ela:                   yöpilvi
yöpilviin                               :P:Ill:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvillä                              :P:Ade:                   yöpilvi
yöpilviltä                              :P:Abl:                   yöpilvi
yöpilville                              :P:All:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvinä                               :P:Ess:                   yöpilvi
yöpilviksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvin                                :P:Ins:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvittä                              :P:Abe:                   yöpilvi
yöpilvine                               :P:Kom:                   yöpilvi
yöpimeä                                 :S:Nom:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeän                                :S:Gen:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeää                                :S:Par:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeässä                              :S:Ine:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeästä                              :S:Ela:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeään                               :S:Ill:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeällä                              :S:Ade:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeältä                              :S:Abl:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeälle                              :S:All:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeänä                               :S:Ess:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeättä                              :S:Abe:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeät                                :P:Nom:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeiden                              :P:Gen:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeitten                             :P:Gen:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeäin                               :P:Gen:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeitä                               :P:Par:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeissä                              :P:Ine:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeistä                              :P:Ela:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeihin                              :P:Ill:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeillä                              :P:Ade:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeille                              :P:All:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeinä                               :P:Ess:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöpimeä
yöpimein                                :P:Ins:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeittä                              :P:Abe:                   yöpimeä
yöpimeine                               :P:Kom:                   yöpimeä
yöpuku                                  :S:Nom:                   yöpuku
yöpuvun                                 :S:Gen:                   yöpuku
yöpukua                                 :S:Par:                   yöpuku
yöpuvussa                               :S:Ine:                   yöpuku
yöpuvusta                               :S:Ela:                   yöpuku
yöpukuun                                :S:Ill:                   yöpuku
yöpuvulla                               :S:Ade:                   yöpuku
yöpuvulta                               :S:Abl:                   yöpuku
yöpuvulle                               :S:All:                   yöpuku
yöpukuna                                :S:Ess:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuksi                               :S:Tra:                   yöpuku
yöpuvutta                               :S:Abe:                   yöpuku
yöpuvut                                 :P:Nom:                   yöpuku
yöpukujen                               :P:Gen:                   yöpuku
yöpukuja                                :P:Par:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuissa                              :P:Ine:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuista                              :P:Ela:                   yöpuku
yöpukuihin                              :P:Ill:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuilla                              :P:Ade:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuilta                              :P:Abl:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuille                              :P:All:                   yöpuku
yöpukuina                               :P:Ess:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuin                                :P:Ins:                   yöpuku
yöpuvuitta                              :P:Abe:                   yöpuku
yöpukuine                               :P:Kom:                   yöpuku
yöpukuinen                              :S:Nom:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisen                              :S:Gen:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuista                              :S:Par:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisessa                            :S:Ine:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisesta                            :S:Ela:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuiseen                             :S:Ill:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisella                            :S:Ade:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuiselta                            :S:Abl:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuiselle                            :S:All:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisena                             :S:Ess:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuiseksi                            :S:Tra:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisetta                            :S:Abe:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuiset                              :P:Nom:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisten                             :P:Gen:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisin                              :P:Gen:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisia                              :P:Par:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisissa                            :P:Ine:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisista                            :P:Ela:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisiin                             :P:Ill:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisilla                            :P:Ade:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisilta                            :P:Abl:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisille                            :P:All:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisina                             :P:Ess:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisin                              :P:Ins:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisitta                            :P:Abe:                   yöpukuinen
yöpukuisine                             :P:Kom:                   yöpukuinen
yöpuoli                                 :S:Nom:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolen                                :S:Gen:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolta                                :S:Par:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolessa                              :S:Ine:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolesta                              :S:Ela:                   yöpuoli
yöpuoleen                               :S:Ill:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolella                              :S:Ade:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolelta                              :S:Abl:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolelle                              :S:All:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolena                               :S:Ess:                   yöpuoli
yöpuoleksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöpuoli
yöpuoletta                              :S:Abe:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolet                                :P:Nom:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolten                               :P:Gen:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolien                               :P:Gen:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolia                                :P:Par:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolissa                              :P:Ine:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolista                              :P:Ela:                   yöpuoli
yöpuoliin                               :P:Ill:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolilla                              :P:Ade:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolilta                              :P:Abl:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolille                              :P:All:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolina                               :P:Ess:                   yöpuoli
yöpuoliksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolin                                :P:Ins:                   yöpuoli
yöpuolitta                              :P:Abe:                   yöpuoli
yöpuoline                               :P:Kom:                   yöpuoli
yöpua                                   :S:Nom:                   yöpuu
yöpuan                                  :S:Gen:                   yöpuu
yöpuata                                 :S:Par:                   yöpuu
yöpuassa                                :S:Ine:                   yöpuu
yöpuasta                                :S:Ela:                   yöpuu
yöpuuhun                                :S:Ill:                   yöpuu
yöpualla                                :S:Ade:                   yöpuu
yöpualta                                :S:Abl:                   yöpuu
yöpualle                                :S:All:                   yöpuu
yöpuana                                 :S:Ess:                   yöpuu
yöpuaksi                                :S:Tra:                   yöpuu
yöpuatta                                :S:Abe:                   yöpuu
yöpuat                                  :P:Nom:                   yöpuu
yöpuiden                                :P:Gen:                   yöpuu
yöpuitten                               :P:Gen:                   yöpuu
yöpuita                                 :P:Par:                   yöpuu
yöpuissa                                :P:Ine:                   yöpuu
yöpuista                                :P:Ela:                   yöpuu
yöpuihin                                :P:Ill:                   yöpuu
yöpuilla                                :P:Ade:                   yöpuu
yöpuilta                                :P:Abl:                   yöpuu
yöpuille                                :P:All:                   yöpuu
yöpuina                                 :P:Ess:                   yöpuu
yöpuiksi                                :P:Tra:                   yöpuu
yöpuin                                  :P:Ins:                   yöpuu
yöpuitta                                :P:Abe:                   yöpuu
yöpuine                                 :P:Kom:                   yöpuu
yöpyjä                                  :S:Nom:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjän                                 :S:Gen:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjää                                 :S:Par:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjässä                               :S:Ine:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjästä                               :S:Ela:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjään                                :S:Ill:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjällä                               :S:Ade:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjältä                               :S:Abl:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjälle                               :S:All:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjänä                                :S:Ess:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjäksi                               :S:Tra:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjättä                               :S:Abe:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjät                                 :P:Nom:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjien                                :P:Gen:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjäin                                :P:Gen:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjiä                                 :P:Par:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjissä                               :P:Ine:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjistä                               :P:Ela:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjiin                                :P:Ill:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjillä                               :P:Ade:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjiltä                               :P:Abl:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjille                               :P:All:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjinä                                :P:Ess:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjiksi                               :P:Tra:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjin                                 :P:Ins:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjittä                               :P:Abe:                   yöpyjä
yöpyjine                                :P:Kom:                   yöpyjä
yöpymispaikka                           :S:Nom:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikan                           :S:Gen:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkaa                          :S:Par:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikassa                         :S:Ine:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikasta                         :S:Ela:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkaan                         :S:Ill:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikalla                         :S:Ade:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikalta                         :S:Abl:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikalle                         :S:All:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkana                         :S:Ess:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikaksi                         :S:Tra:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikatta                         :S:Abe:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikat                           :P:Nom:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkojen                        :P:Gen:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkain                         :P:Gen:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkoja                         :P:Par:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikoissa                        :P:Ine:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikoista                        :P:Ela:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkoihin                       :P:Ill:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikoilla                        :P:Ade:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikoilta                        :P:Abl:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikoille                        :P:All:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkoina                        :P:Ess:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikoiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikoin                          :P:Ins:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikoitta                        :P:Abe:                   yöpymispaikka
yöpymispaikkoine                        :P:Kom:                   yöpymispaikka
yövyn                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:          yöpyä
yövyt                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpyy                                   :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yövymme                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yövytte                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpyvät                                 :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövytään                                :Ind:Pre:Pas:             yöpyä
yövy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yöpyä
yövy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yövy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yövy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yövy                                    :Ind:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövytä                                  :Ind:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yövyin                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:          yöpyä
yövyit                                  :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpyi                                   :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yövyimme                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yövyitte                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpyivät                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövyttiin                               :Ind:Imp:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Imp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Imp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Ind:Imp:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yöpynen                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:          yöpyä
yöpynet                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpynee                                 :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yöpynemme                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yöpynette                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpynevät                               :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövyttäneen                             :Pot:Pre:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyne                                  :Pot:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövyttäne                               :Pot:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yöpyisin                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:          yöpyä
yöpyisit                                :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yöpyisimme                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yöpyisitte                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpyisivät                              :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövyttäisiin                            :Con:Pre:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyisi                                 :Con:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövyttäisi                              :Con:Pre:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yövy                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpyköön                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yöpykäämme                              :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yöpykää                                 :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpykööt                                :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövyttäköön                             :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yöpyä
yövy                                    :Imp:Pre:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpykö                                  :Imp:Pre:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövyttäkö                               :Imp:Pre:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpyä                                   :Inf1:                    yöpyä
yöpyäkseen                              :Inf1:L:                  yöpyä
yöpyessä                                :Inf2:Ine:Akt:            yöpyä
yövyttäessä                             :Inf2:Ine:Pas:            yöpyä
yöpyen                                  :Inf2:Ins:Akt:            yöpyä
yöpymässä                               :Inf3:Ine:Akt:            yöpyä
yöpymästä                               :Inf3:Ela:Akt:            yöpyä
yöpymään                                :Inf3:Ill:Akt:            yöpyä
yöpymällä                               :Inf3:Ade:Akt:            yöpyä
yöpymättä                               :Inf3:Abe:Akt:            yöpyä
yöpymän                                 :Inf3:Ins:Akt:            yöpyä
yövyttämän                              :Inf3:Ins:Pas:            yöpyä
yöpyminen                               :Inf4:Nom:                yöpyä
yöpymistä                               :Inf4:Par:                yöpyä
yöpymäisillään                          :Inf5:                    yöpyä
yöpyvä                                  :Cip:Pre:Akt:             yöpyä
yövyttävä                               :Cip:Pre:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Cip:Per:Akt:             yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Cip:Per:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpymä                                  :Cip:Age:                 yöpyä
yöpymätön                               :Cip:Age:Neg:             yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:          yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Ind:Per:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:          yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Ind:Plp:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Ind:Plp:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Ind:Plp:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:          yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Con:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Con:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Con:Per:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:          yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:          yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Pot:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P1:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P2:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Pot:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Pot:Per:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:          yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:          yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:             yöpyä
yöpynyt                                 :Imp:Per:Akt:S3:Neg:      yöpyä
yöpyneet                                :Imp:Per:Akt:P3:Neg:      yöpyä
yövytty                                 :Imp:Per:Pas:Neg:         yöpyä
yöpäivystys                             :S:Nom:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksen                          :S:Gen:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystystä                           :S:Par:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksessä                        :S:Ine:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksestä                        :S:Ela:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystykseen                         :S:Ill:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksellä                        :S:Ade:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystykseltä                        :S:Abl:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystykselle                        :S:All:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksenä                         :S:Ess:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystykseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksettä                        :S:Abe:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystykset                          :P:Nom:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystysten                          :P:Gen:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksien                         :P:Gen:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksiä                          :P:Par:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksissä                        :P:Ine:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksistä                        :P:Ela:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksillä                        :P:Ade:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksiltä                        :P:Abl:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksille                        :P:All:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksinä                         :P:Ess:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksin                          :P:Ins:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksittä                        :P:Abe:                   yöpäivystys
yöpäivystyksine                         :P:Kom:                   yöpäivystys
yöpöytä                                 :S:Nom:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydän                                :S:Gen:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytää                                :S:Par:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydässä                              :S:Ine:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydästä                              :S:Ela:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytään                               :S:Ill:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydällä                              :S:Ade:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydältä                              :S:Abl:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydälle                              :S:All:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytänä                               :S:Ess:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydättä                              :S:Abe:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydät                                :P:Nom:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytien                               :P:Gen:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytäin                               :P:Gen:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytiä                                :P:Par:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydissä                              :P:Ine:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydistä                              :P:Ela:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytiin                               :P:Ill:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydillä                              :P:Ade:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydille                              :P:All:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytinä                               :P:Ess:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydin                                :P:Ins:                   yöpöytä
yöpöydittä                              :P:Abe:                   yöpöytä
yöpöytine                               :P:Kom:                   yöpöytä
yöradio                                 :S:Nom:                   yöradio
yöradion                                :S:Gen:                   yöradio
yöradiota                               :S:Par:                   yöradio
yöradiossa                              :S:Ine:                   yöradio
yöradiosta                              :S:Ela:                   yöradio
yöradioon                               :S:Ill:                   yöradio
yöradiolla                              :S:Ade:                   yöradio
yöradiolta                              :S:Abl:                   yöradio
yöradiolle                              :S:All:                   yöradio
yöradiona                               :S:Ess:                   yöradio
yöradioksi                              :S:Tra:                   yöradio
yöradiotta                              :S:Abe:                   yöradio
yöradiot                                :P:Nom:                   yöradio
yöradioiden                             :P:Gen:                   yöradio
yöradioitten                            :P:Gen:                   yöradio
yöradioita                              :P:Par:                   yöradio
yöradioissa                             :P:Ine:                   yöradio
yöradioista                             :P:Ela:                   yöradio
yöradioihin                             :P:Ill:                   yöradio
yöradioilla                             :P:Ade:                   yöradio
yöradioilta                             :P:Abl:                   yöradio
yöradioille                             :P:All:                   yöradio
yöradioina                              :P:Ess:                   yöradio
yöradioiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yöradio
yöradioin                               :P:Ins:                   yöradio
yöradioitta                             :P:Abe:                   yöradio
yöradioine                              :P:Kom:                   yöradio
yörauha                                 :S:Nom:                   yörauha
yörauhan                                :S:Gen:                   yörauha
yörauhaa                                :S:Par:                   yörauha
yörauhassa                              :S:Ine:                   yörauha
yörauhasta                              :S:Ela:                   yörauha
yörauhaan                               :S:Ill:                   yörauha
yörauhalla                              :S:Ade:                   yörauha
yörauhalta                              :S:Abl:                   yörauha
yörauhalle                              :S:All:                   yörauha
yörauhana                               :S:Ess:                   yörauha
yörauhaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yörauha
yörauhatta                              :S:Abe:                   yörauha
yörauhat                                :P:Nom:                   yörauha
yörauhojen                              :P:Gen:                   yörauha
yörauhain                               :P:Gen:                   yörauha
yörauhoja                               :P:Par:                   yörauha
yörauhoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yörauha
yörauhoista                             :P:Ela:                   yörauha
yörauhoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yörauha
yörauhoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yörauha
yörauhoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yörauha
yörauhoille                             :P:All:                   yörauha
yörauhoina                              :P:Ess:                   yörauha
yörauhoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yörauha
yörauhoin                               :P:Ins:                   yörauha
yörauhoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yörauha
yörauhoine                              :P:Kom:                   yörauha
yöravintola                             :S:Nom:                   yöravintola
yöravintolan                            :S:Gen:                   yöravintola
yöravintolaa                            :S:Par:                   yöravintola
yöravintolassa                          :S:Ine:                   yöravintola
yöravintolasta                          :S:Ela:                   yöravintola
yöravintolaan                           :S:Ill:                   yöravintola
yöravintolalla                          :S:Ade:                   yöravintola
yöravintolalta                          :S:Abl:                   yöravintola
yöravintolalle                          :S:All:                   yöravintola
yöravintolana                           :S:Ess:                   yöravintola
yöravintolaksi                          :S:Tra:                   yöravintola
yöravintolatta                          :S:Abe:                   yöravintola
yöravintolat                            :P:Nom:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloiden                         :P:Gen:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloitten                        :P:Gen:                   yöravintola
yöravintolain                           :P:Gen:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloita                          :P:Par:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloissa                         :P:Ine:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloista                         :P:Ela:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloihin                         :P:Ill:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloilla                         :P:Ade:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloilta                         :P:Abl:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloille                         :P:All:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloina                          :P:Ess:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloiksi                         :P:Tra:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloin                           :P:Ins:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloitta                         :P:Abe:                   yöravintola
yöravintoloine                          :P:Kom:                   yöravintola
yösija                                  :S:Nom:                   yösija
yösijan                                 :S:Gen:                   yösija
yösijaa                                 :S:Par:                   yösija
yösijassa                               :S:Ine:                   yösija
yösijasta                               :S:Ela:                   yösija
yösijaan                                :S:Ill:                   yösija
yösijalla                               :S:Ade:                   yösija
yösijalta                               :S:Abl:                   yösija
yösijalle                               :S:All:                   yösija
yösijana                                :S:Ess:                   yösija
yösijaksi                               :S:Tra:                   yösija
yösijatta                               :S:Abe:                   yösija
yösijat                                 :P:Nom:                   yösija
yösijojen                               :P:Gen:                   yösija
yösijain                                :P:Gen:                   yösija
yösijoja                                :P:Par:                   yösija
yösijoissa                              :P:Ine:                   yösija
yösijoista                              :P:Ela:                   yösija
yösijoihin                              :P:Ill:                   yösija
yösijoilla                              :P:Ade:                   yösija
yösijoilta                              :P:Abl:                   yösija
yösijoille                              :P:All:                   yösija
yösijoina                               :P:Ess:                   yösija
yösijoiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yösija
yösijoin                                :P:Ins:                   yösija
yösijoitta                              :P:Abe:                   yösija
yösijoine                               :P:Kom:                   yösija
yösuunnistus                            :S:Nom:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksen                         :S:Gen:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistusta                          :S:Par:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksessa                       :S:Ine:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksesta                       :S:Ela:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistukseen                        :S:Ill:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksella                       :S:Ade:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistukselta                       :S:Abl:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistukselle                       :S:All:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksena                        :S:Ess:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistukseksi                       :S:Tra:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksetta                       :S:Abe:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistukset                         :P:Nom:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistusten                         :P:Gen:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksien                        :P:Gen:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksia                         :P:Par:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksissa                       :P:Ine:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksista                       :P:Ela:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksiin                        :P:Ill:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksilla                       :P:Ade:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksilta                       :P:Abl:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksille                       :P:All:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksina                        :P:Ess:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksiksi                       :P:Tra:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksin                         :P:Ins:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksitta                       :P:Abe:                   yösuunnistus
yösuunnistuksine                        :P:Kom:                   yösuunnistus
yösydän                                 :S:Nom:                   yösydän
yösydämen                               :S:Gen:                   yösydän
yösydäntä                               :S:Par:                   yösydän
yösydämessä                             :S:Ine:                   yösydän
yösydämestä                             :S:Ela:                   yösydän
yösydämeen                              :S:Ill:                   yösydän
yösydämellä                             :S:Ade:                   yösydän
yösydämeltä                             :S:Abl:                   yösydän
yösydämelle                             :S:All:                   yösydän
yösydämenä                              :S:Ess:                   yösydän
yösydämeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yösydän
yösydämettä                             :S:Abe:                   yösydän
yösydämet                               :P:Nom:                   yösydän
yösydämien                              :P:Gen:                   yösydän
yösydänten                              :P:Gen:                   yösydän
yösydämiä                               :P:Par:                   yösydän
yösydämissä                             :P:Ine:                   yösydän
yösydämistä                             :P:Ela:                   yösydän
yösydämiin                              :P:Ill:                   yösydän
yösydämillä                             :P:Ade:                   yösydän
yösydämiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yösydän
yösydämille                             :P:All:                   yösydän
yösydäminä                              :P:Ess:                   yösydän
yösydämiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yösydän
yösydämin                               :P:Ins:                   yösydän
yösydämittä                             :P:Abe:                   yösydän
yösydämine                              :P:Kom:                   yösydän
yösyöttö                                :S:Nom:                   yösyöttö
yösyötön                                :S:Gen:                   yösyöttö
yösyöttöä                               :S:Par:                   yösyöttö
yösyötössä                              :S:Ine:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöstä                              :S:Ela:                   yösyöttö
yösyöttöön                              :S:Ill:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöllä                              :S:Ade:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöltä                              :S:Abl:                   yösyöttö
yösyötölle                              :S:All:                   yösyöttö
yösyöttönä                              :S:Ess:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöksi                              :S:Tra:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöttä                              :S:Abe:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöt                                :P:Nom:                   yösyöttö
yösyöttöjen                             :P:Gen:                   yösyöttö
yösyöttöjä                              :P:Par:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöissä                             :P:Ine:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöistä                             :P:Ela:                   yösyöttö
yösyöttöihin                            :P:Ill:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöillä                             :P:Ade:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöille                             :P:All:                   yösyöttö
yösyöttöinä                             :P:Ess:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöin                               :P:Ins:                   yösyöttö
yösyötöittä                             :P:Abe:                   yösyöttö
yösyöttöine                             :P:Kom:                   yösyöttö
yösähkö                                 :S:Nom:                   yösähkö
yösähkön                                :S:Gen:                   yösähkö
yösähköä                                :S:Par:                   yösähkö
yösähkössä                              :S:Ine:                   yösähkö
yösähköstä                              :S:Ela:                   yösähkö
yösähköön                               :S:Ill:                   yösähkö
yösähköllä                              :S:Ade:                   yösähkö
yösähköltä                              :S:Abl:                   yösähkö
yösähkölle                              :S:All:                   yösähkö
yösähkönä                               :S:Ess:                   yösähkö
yösähköksi                              :S:Tra:                   yösähkö
yösähköttä                              :S:Abe:                   yösähkö
yösähköt                                :P:Nom:                   yösähkö
yösähköjen                              :P:Gen:                   yösähkö
yösähköjä                               :P:Par:                   yösähkö
yösähköissä                             :P:Ine:                   yösähkö
yösähköistä                             :P:Ela:                   yösähkö
yösähköihin                             :P:Ill:                   yösähkö
yösähköillä                             :P:Ade:                   yösähkö
yösähköiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yösähkö
yösähköille                             :P:All:                   yösähkö
yösähköinä                              :P:Ess:                   yösähkö
yösähköiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yösähkö
yösähköin                               :P:Ins:                   yösähkö
yösähköittä                             :P:Abe:                   yösähkö
yösähköine                              :P:Kom:                   yösähkö
yösähkölämmitys                         :S:Nom:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksen                      :S:Gen:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmitystä                       :S:Par:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksessä                    :S:Ine:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksestä                    :S:Ela:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmitykseen                     :S:Ill:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksellä                    :S:Ade:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmitykseltä                    :S:Abl:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmitykselle                    :S:All:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksenä                     :S:Ess:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmitykseksi                    :S:Tra:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksettä                    :S:Abe:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmitykset                      :P:Nom:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmitysten                      :P:Gen:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksien                     :P:Gen:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksiä                      :P:Par:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksissä                    :P:Ine:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksistä                    :P:Ela:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksiin                     :P:Ill:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksillä                    :P:Ade:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksiltä                    :P:Abl:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksille                    :P:All:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksinä                     :P:Ess:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksiksi                    :P:Tra:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksin                      :P:Ins:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksittä                    :P:Abe:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösähkölämmityksine                     :P:Kom:                   yösähkölämmitys
yösäilö                                 :S:Nom:                   yösäilö
yösäilön                                :S:Gen:                   yösäilö
yösäilöä                                :S:Par:                   yösäilö
yösäilössä                              :S:Ine:                   yösäilö
yösäilöstä                              :S:Ela:                   yösäilö
yösäilöön                               :S:Ill:                   yösäilö
yösäilöllä                              :S:Ade:                   yösäilö
yösäilöltä                              :S:Abl:                   yösäilö
yösäilölle                              :S:All:                   yösäilö
yösäilönä                               :S:Ess:                   yösäilö
yösäilöksi                              :S:Tra:                   yösäilö
yösäilöttä                              :S:Abe:                   yösäilö
yösäilöt                                :P:Nom:                   yösäilö
yösäilöjen                              :P:Gen:                   yösäilö
yösäilöjä                               :P:Par:                   yösäilö
yösäilöissä                             :P:Ine:                   yösäilö
yösäilöistä                             :P:Ela:                   yösäilö
yösäilöihin                             :P:Ill:                   yösäilö
yösäilöillä                             :P:Ade:                   yösäilö
yösäilöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yösäilö
yösäilöille                             :P:All:                   yösäilö
yösäilöinä                              :P:Ess:                   yösäilö
yösäilöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yösäilö
yösäilöin                               :P:Ins:                   yösäilö
yösäilöittä                             :P:Abe:                   yösäilö
yösäilöine                              :P:Kom:                   yösäilö
yötaivas                                :S:Nom:                   yötaivas
yötaivaan                               :S:Gen:                   yötaivas
yötaivasta                              :S:Par:                   yötaivas
yötaivaassa                             :S:Ine:                   yötaivas
yötaivaasta                             :S:Ela:                   yötaivas
yötaivaaseen                            :S:Ill:                   yötaivas
yötaivaalla                             :S:Ade:                   yötaivas
yötaivaalta                             :S:Abl:                   yötaivas
yötaivaalle                             :S:All:                   yötaivas
yötaivaana                              :S:Ess:                   yötaivas
yötaivaaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yötaivas
yötaivaatta                             :S:Abe:                   yötaivas
yötaivaat                               :P:Nom:                   yötaivas
yötaivaiden                             :P:Gen:                   yötaivas
yötaivaitten                            :P:Gen:                   yötaivas
yötaivaita                              :P:Par:                   yötaivas
yötaivaissa                             :P:Ine:                   yötaivas
yötaivaista                             :P:Ela:                   yötaivas
yötaivaisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yötaivas
yötaivailla                             :P:Ade:                   yötaivas
yötaivailta                             :P:Abl:                   yötaivas
yötaivaille                             :P:All:                   yötaivas
yötaivaina                              :P:Ess:                   yötaivas
yötaivaiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yötaivas
yötaivain                               :P:Ins:                   yötaivas
yötaivaitta                             :P:Abe:                   yötaivas
yötaivaine                              :P:Kom:                   yötaivas
yötaksa                                 :S:Nom:                   yötaksa
yötaksan                                :S:Gen:                   yötaksa
yötaksaa                                :S:Par:                   yötaksa
yötaksassa                              :S:Ine:                   yötaksa
yötaksasta                              :S:Ela:                   yötaksa
yötaksaan                               :S:Ill:                   yötaksa
yötaksalla                              :S:Ade:                   yötaksa
yötaksalta                              :S:Abl:                   yötaksa
yötaksalle                              :S:All:                   yötaksa
yötaksana                               :S:Ess:                   yötaksa
yötaksaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yötaksa
yötaksatta                              :S:Abe:                   yötaksa
yötaksat                                :P:Nom:                   yötaksa
yötaksojen                              :P:Gen:                   yötaksa
yötaksain                               :P:Gen:                   yötaksa
yötaksoja                               :P:Par:                   yötaksa
yötaksoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yötaksa
yötaksoista                             :P:Ela:                   yötaksa
yötaksoihin                             :P:Ill:                   yötaksa
yötaksoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yötaksa
yötaksoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yötaksa
yötaksoille                             :P:All:                   yötaksa
yötaksoina                              :P:Ess:                   yötaksa
yötaksoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yötaksa
yötaksoin                               :P:Ins:                   yötaksa
yötaksoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yötaksa
yötaksoine                              :P:Kom:                   yötaksa
yötuuli                                 :S:Nom:                   yötuuli
yötuulen                                :S:Gen:                   yötuuli
yötuulta                                :S:Par:                   yötuuli
yötuulessa                              :S:Ine:                   yötuuli
yötuulesta                              :S:Ela:                   yötuuli
yötuuleen                               :S:Ill:                   yötuuli
yötuulella                              :S:Ade:                   yötuuli
yötuulelta                              :S:Abl:                   yötuuli
yötuulelle                              :S:All:                   yötuuli
yötuulena                               :S:Ess:                   yötuuli
yötuuleksi                              :S:Tra:                   yötuuli
yötuuletta                              :S:Abe:                   yötuuli
yötuulet                                :P:Nom:                   yötuuli
yötuulten                               :P:Gen:                   yötuuli
yötuulien                               :P:Gen:                   yötuuli
yötuulia                                :P:Par:                   yötuuli
yötuulissa                              :P:Ine:                   yötuuli
yötuulista                              :P:Ela:                   yötuuli
yötuuliin                               :P:Ill:                   yötuuli
yötuulilla                              :P:Ade:                   yötuuli
yötuulilta                              :P:Abl:                   yötuuli
yötuulille                              :P:All:                   yötuuli
yötuulina                               :P:Ess:                   yötuuli
yötuuliksi                              :P:Tra:                   yötuuli
yötuulin                                :P:Ins:                   yötuuli
yötuulitta                              :P:Abe:                   yötuuli
yötuuline                               :P:Kom:                   yötuuli
yötyö                                   :S:Nom:                   yötyö
yötyön                                  :S:Gen:                   yötyö
yötyötä                                 :S:Par:                   yötyö
yötyössä                                :S:Ine:                   yötyö
yötyöstä                                :S:Ela:                   yötyö
yötyöhön                                :S:Ill:                   yötyö
yötyöllä                                :S:Ade:                   yötyö
yötyöltä                                :S:Abl:                   yötyö
yötyölle                                :S:All:                   yötyö
yötyönä                                 :S:Ess:                   yötyö
yötyöksi                                :S:Tra:                   yötyö
yötyöttä                                :S:Abe:                   yötyö
yötyöt                                  :P:Nom:                   yötyö
yötöiden                                :P:Gen:                   yötyö
yötöitten                               :P:Gen:                   yötyö
yötöitä                                 :P:Par:                   yötyö
yötöissä                                :P:Ine:                   yötyö
yötöistä                                :P:Ela:                   yötyö
yötöihin                                :P:Ill:                   yötyö
yötöillä                                :P:Ade:                   yötyö
yötöiltä                                :P:Abl:                   yötyö
yötöille                                :P:All:                   yötyö
yötöinä                                 :P:Ess:                   yötyö
yötöiksi                                :P:Tra:                   yötyö
yötöin                                  :P:Ins:                   yötyö
yötöittä                                :P:Abe:                   yötyö
yötöine                                 :P:Kom:                   yötyö
yötähtäin                               :S:Nom:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimen                             :S:Gen:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäintä                             :S:Par:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimessä                           :S:Ine:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimestä                           :S:Ela:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimeen                            :S:Ill:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimellä                           :S:Ade:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimeltä                           :S:Abl:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimelle                           :S:All:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimenä                            :S:Ess:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimeksi                           :S:Tra:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimettä                           :S:Abe:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimet                             :P:Nom:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimien                            :P:Gen:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäinten                            :P:Gen:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimiä                             :P:Par:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimissä                           :P:Ine:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimistä                           :P:Ela:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimiin                            :P:Ill:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimillä                           :P:Ade:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimiltä                           :P:Abl:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimille                           :P:All:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäiminä                            :P:Ess:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimin                             :P:Ins:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimittä                           :P:Abe:                   yötähtäin
yötähtäimine                            :P:Kom:                   yötähtäin
yötön                                   :S:Nom:                   yötön
yöttömän                                :S:Gen:                   yötön
yötöntä                                 :S:Par:                   yötön
yöttömässä                              :S:Ine:                   yötön
yöttömästä                              :S:Ela:                   yötön
yöttömään                               :S:Ill:                   yötön
yöttömällä                              :S:Ade:                   yötön
yöttömältä                              :S:Abl:                   yötön
yöttömälle                              :S:All:                   yötön
yöttömänä                               :S:Ess:                   yötön
yöttömäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yötön
yöttömättä                              :S:Abe:                   yötön
yöttömät                                :P:Nom:                   yötön
yöttömien                               :P:Gen:                   yötön
yötönten                                :P:Gen:                   yötön
yöttömiä                                :P:Par:                   yötön
yöttömissä                              :P:Ine:                   yötön
yöttömistä                              :P:Ela:                   yötön
yöttömiin                               :P:Ill:                   yötön
yöttömillä                              :P:Ade:                   yötön
yöttömiltä                              :P:Abl:                   yötön
yöttömille                              :P:All:                   yötön
yöttöminä                               :P:Ess:                   yötön
yöttömiksi                              :P:Tra:                   yötön
yöttömin                                :P:Ins:                   yötön
yöttömittä                              :P:Abe:                   yötön
yöttömine                               :P:Kom:                   yötön
yöuni                                   :S:Nom:                   yöuni
yöunen                                  :S:Gen:                   yöuni
yöunta                                  :S:Par:                   yöuni
yöunessa                                :S:Ine:                   yöuni
yöunesta                                :S:Ela:                   yöuni
yöuneen                                 :S:Ill:                   yöuni
yöunella                                :S:Ade:                   yöuni
yöunelta                                :S:Abl:                   yöuni
yöunelle                                :S:All:                   yöuni
yöunena                                 :S:Ess:                   yöuni
yöuneksi                                :S:Tra:                   yöuni
yöunetta                                :S:Abe:                   yöuni
yöunet                                  :P:Nom:                   yöuni
yöunien                                 :P:Gen:                   yöuni
yöunten                                 :P:Gen:                   yöuni
yöunia                                  :P:Par:                   yöuni
yöunissa                                :P:Ine:                   yöuni
yöunista                                :P:Ela:                   yöuni
yöuniin                                 :P:Ill:                   yöuni
yöunilla                                :P:Ade:                   yöuni
yöunilta                                :P:Abl:                   yöuni
yöunille                                :P:All:                   yöuni
yöunina                                 :P:Ess:                   yöuni
yöuniksi                                :P:Tra:                   yöuni
yöunin                                  :P:Ins:                   yöuni
yöunitta                                :P:Abe:                   yöuni
yöunine                                 :P:Kom:                   yöuni
yövaate                                 :S:Nom:                   yövaate
yövaatteen                              :S:Gen:                   yövaate
yövaatetta                              :S:Par:                   yövaate
yövaatteessa                            :S:Ine:                   yövaate
yövaatteesta                            :S:Ela:                   yövaate
yövaatteeseen                           :S:Ill:                   yövaate
yövaatteella                            :S:Ade:                   yövaate
yövaatteelta                            :S:Abl:                   yövaate
yövaatteelle                            :S:All:                   yövaate
yövaatteena                             :S:Ess:                   yövaate
yövaatteeksi                            :S:Tra:                   yövaate
yövaatteetta                            :S:Abe:                   yövaate
yövaatteet                              :P:Nom:                   yövaate
yövaatteiden                            :P:Gen:                   yövaate
yövaateitten                            :P:Gen:                   yövaate
yövaatteita                             :P:Par:                   yövaate
yövaatteissa                            :P:Ine:                   yövaate
yövaatteista                            :P:Ela:                   yövaate
yövaatteisiin                           :P:Ill:                   yövaate
yövaatteihin                            :P:Ill:                   yövaate
yövaatteilla                            :P:Ade:                   yövaate
yövaatteilta                            :P:Abl:                   yövaate
yövaatteille                            :P:All:                   yövaate
yövaatteina                             :P:Ess:                   yövaate
yövaatteiksi                            :P:Tra:                   yövaate
yövaattein                              :P:Ins:                   yövaate
yövaatteitta                            :P:Abe:                   yövaate
yövaatteine                             :P:Kom:                   yövaate
yövahti                                 :S:Nom:                   yövahti
yövahdin                                :S:Gen:                   yövahti
yövahtia                                :S:Par:                   yövahti
yövahdissa                              :S:Ine:                   yövahti
yövahdista                              :S:Ela:                   yövahti
yövahtiin                               :S:Ill:                   yövahti
yövahdilla                              :S:Ade:                   yövahti
yövahdilta                              :S:Abl:                   yövahti
yövahdille                              :S:All:                   yövahti
yövahtina                               :S:Ess:                   yövahti
yövahdiksi                              :S:Tra:                   yövahti
yövahditta                              :S:Abe:                   yövahti
yövahdit                                :P:Nom:                   yövahti
yövahtien                               :P:Gen:                   yövahti
yövahteja                               :P:Par:                   yövahti
yövahdeissa                             :P:Ine:                   yövahti
yövahdeista                             :P:Ela:                   yövahti
yövahteihin                             :P:Ill:                   yövahti
yövahdeilla                             :P:Ade:                   yövahti
yövahdeilta                             :P:Abl:                   yövahti
yövahdeille                             :P:All:                   yövahti
yövahteina                              :P:Ess:                   yövahti
yövahdeiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yövahti
yövahdein                               :P:Ins:                   yövahti
yövahdeitta                             :P:Abe:                   yövahti
yövahteine                              :P:Kom:                   yövahti
yövaippa                                :S:Nom:                   yövaippa
yövaipan                                :S:Gen:                   yövaippa
yövaippaa                               :S:Par:                   yövaippa
yövaipassa                              :S:Ine:                   yövaippa
yövaipasta                              :S:Ela:                   yövaippa
yövaippaan                              :S:Ill:                   yövaippa
yövaipalla                              :S:Ade:                   yövaippa
yövaipalta                              :S:Abl:                   yövaippa
yövaipalle                              :S:All:                   yövaippa
yövaippana                              :S:Ess:                   yövaippa
yövaipaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yövaippa
yövaipatta                              :S:Abe:                   yövaippa
yövaipat                                :P:Nom:                   yövaippa
yövaippojen                             :P:Gen:                   yövaippa
yövaippain                              :P:Gen:                   yövaippa
yövaippoja                              :P:Par:                   yövaippa
yövaipoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yövaippa
yövaipoista                             :P:Ela:                   yövaippa
yövaippoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yövaippa
yövaipoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yövaippa
yövaipoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yövaippa
yövaipoille                             :P:All:                   yövaippa
yövaippoina                             :P:Ess:                   yövaippa
yövaipoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yövaippa
yövaipoin                               :P:Ins:                   yövaippa
yövaipoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yövaippa
yövaippoine                             :P:Kom:                   yövaippa
yövalaistus                             :S:Nom:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksen                          :S:Gen:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistusta                           :S:Par:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksessa                        :S:Ine:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksesta                        :S:Ela:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistukseen                         :S:Ill:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksella                        :S:Ade:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistukselta                        :S:Abl:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistukselle                        :S:All:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksena                         :S:Ess:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistukseksi                        :S:Tra:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksetta                        :S:Abe:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistukset                          :P:Nom:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistusten                          :P:Gen:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksien                         :P:Gen:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksia                          :P:Par:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksissa                        :P:Ine:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksista                        :P:Ela:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksiin                         :P:Ill:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksilla                        :P:Ade:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksilta                        :P:Abl:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksille                        :P:All:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksina                         :P:Ess:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksiksi                        :P:Tra:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksin                          :P:Ins:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksitta                        :P:Abe:                   yövalaistus
yövalaistuksine                         :P:Kom:                   yövalaistus
yövalvonta                              :S:Nom:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnan                             :S:Gen:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontaa                             :S:Par:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnassa                           :S:Ine:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnasta                           :S:Ela:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontaan                            :S:Ill:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnalla                           :S:Ade:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnalta                           :S:Abl:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnalle                           :S:All:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontana                            :S:Ess:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnaksi                           :S:Tra:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnatta                           :S:Abe:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnat                             :P:Nom:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontojen                           :P:Gen:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontain                            :P:Gen:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontoja                            :P:Par:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnoissa                          :P:Ine:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnoista                          :P:Ela:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontoihin                          :P:Ill:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnoilla                          :P:Ade:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnoilta                          :P:Abl:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnoille                          :P:All:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontoina                           :P:Ess:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnoiksi                          :P:Tra:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnoin                            :P:Ins:                   yövalvonta
yövalvonnoitta                          :P:Abe:                   yövalvonta
yövalvontoine                           :P:Kom:                   yövalvonta
yövartija                               :S:Nom:                   yövartija
yövartijan                              :S:Gen:                   yövartija
yövartijaa                              :S:Par:                   yövartija
yövartijassa                            :S:Ine:                   yövartija
yövartijasta                            :S:Ela:                   yövartija
yövartijaan                             :S:Ill:                   yövartija
yövartijalla                            :S:Ade:                   yövartija
yövartijalta                            :S:Abl:                   yövartija
yövartijalle                            :S:All:                   yövartija
yövartijana                             :S:Ess:                   yövartija
yövartijaksi                            :S:Tra:                   yövartija
yövartijatta                            :S:Abe:                   yövartija
yövartijat                              :P:Nom:                   yövartija
yövartijoiden                           :P:Gen:                   yövartija
yövartijoitten                          :P:Gen:                   yövartija
yövartijain                             :P:Gen:                   yövartija
yövartijoita                            :P:Par:                   yövartija
yövartijoissa                           :P:Ine:                   yövartija
yövartijoista                           :P:Ela:                   yövartija
yövartijoihin                           :P:Ill:                   yövartija
yövartijoilla                           :P:Ade:                   yövartija
yövartijoilta                           :P:Abl:                   yövartija
yövartijoille                           :P:All:                   yövartija
yövartijoina                            :P:Ess:                   yövartija
yövartijoiksi                           :P:Tra:                   yövartija
yövartijoin                             :P:Ins:                   yövartija
yövartijoitta                           :P:Abe:                   yövartija
yövartijoine                            :P:Kom:                   yövartija
yövieras                                :S:Nom:                   yövieras
yövieraan                               :S:Gen:                   yövieras
yövierasta                              :S:Par:                   yövieras
yövieraassa                             :S:Ine:                   yövieras
yövieraasta                             :S:Ela:                   yövieras
yövieraaseen                            :S:Ill:                   yövieras
yövieraalla                             :S:Ade:                   yövieras
yövieraalta                             :S:Abl:                   yövieras
yövieraalle                             :S:All:                   yövieras
yövieraana                              :S:Ess:                   yövieras
yövieraaksi                             :S:Tra:                   yövieras
yövieraatta                             :S:Abe:                   yövieras
yövieraat                               :P:Nom:                   yövieras
yövieraiden                             :P:Gen:                   yövieras
yövieraitten                            :P:Gen:                   yövieras
yövieraita                              :P:Par:                   yövieras
yövieraissa                             :P:Ine:                   yövieras
yövieraista                             :P:Ela:                   yövieras
yövieraisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yövieras
yövierailla                             :P:Ade:                   yövieras
yövierailta                             :P:Abl:                   yövieras
yövieraille                             :P:All:                   yövieras
yövieraina                              :P:Ess:                   yövieras
yövieraiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yövieras
yövierain                               :P:Ins:                   yövieras
yövieraitta                             :P:Abe:                   yövieras
yövieraine                              :P:Kom:                   yövieras
yövilkka                                :S:Nom:                   yövilkka
yövilkan                                :S:Gen:                   yövilkka
yövilkkaa                               :S:Par:                   yövilkka
yövilkassa                              :S:Ine:                   yövilkka
yövilkasta                              :S:Ela:                   yövilkka
yövilkkaan                              :S:Ill:                   yövilkka
yövilkalla                              :S:Ade:                   yövilkka
yövilkalta                              :S:Abl:                   yövilkka
yövilkalle                              :S:All:                   yövilkka
yövilkkana                              :S:Ess:                   yövilkka
yövilkaksi                              :S:Tra:                   yövilkka
yövilkatta                              :S:Abe:                   yövilkka
yövilkat                                :P:Nom:                   yövilkka
yövilkkojen                             :P:Gen:                   yövilkka
yövilkkain                              :P:Gen:                   yövilkka
yövilkkoja                              :P:Par:                   yövilkka
yövilkoissa                             :P:Ine:                   yövilkka
yövilkoista                             :P:Ela:                   yövilkka
yövilkkoihin                            :P:Ill:                   yövilkka
yövilkoilla                             :P:Ade:                   yövilkka
yövilkoilta                             :P:Abl:                   yövilkka
yövilkoille                             :P:All:                   yövilkka
yövilkkoina                             :P:Ess:                   yövilkka
yövilkoiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yövilkka
yövilkoin                               :P:Ins:                   yövilkka
yövilkoitta                             :P:Abe:                   yövilkka
yövilkkoine                             :P:Kom:                   yövilkka
yövoide                                 :S:Nom:                   yövoide
yövoiteen                               :S:Gen:                   yövoide
yövoidetta                              :S:Par:                   yövoide
yövoiteessa                             :S:Ine:                   yövoide
yövoiteesta                             :S:Ela:                   yövoide
yövoiteeseen                            :S:Ill:                   yövoide
yövoiteella                             :S:Ade:                   yövoide
yövoiteelta                             :S:Abl:                   yövoide
yövoiteelle                             :S:All:                   yövoide
yövoiteena                              :S:Ess:                   yövoide
yövoiteeksi                             :S:Tra:                   yövoide
yövoiteetta                             :S:Abe:                   yövoide
yövoiteet                               :P:Nom:                   yövoide
yövoiteiden                             :P:Gen:                   yövoide
yövoideitten                            :P:Gen:                   yövoide
yövoiteita                              :P:Par:                   yövoide
yövoiteissa                             :P:Ine:                   yövoide
yövoiteista                             :P:Ela:                   yövoide
yövoiteisiin                            :P:Ill:                   yövoide
yövoiteihin                             :P:Ill:                   yövoide
yövoiteilla                             :P:Ade:                   yövoide
yövoiteilta                             :P:Abl:                   yövoide
yövoiteille                             :P:All:                   yövoide
yövoiteina                              :P:Ess:                   yövoide
yövoiteiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yövoide
yövoitein                               :P:Ins:                   yövoide
yövoiteitta                             :P:Abe:                   yövoide
yövoiteine                              :P:Kom:                   yövoide
yövuoro                                 :S:Nom:                   yövuoro
yövuoron                                :S:Gen:                   yövuoro
yövuoroa                                :S:Par:                   yövuoro
yövuorossa                              :S:Ine:                   yövuoro
yövuorosta                              :S:Ela:                   yövuoro
yövuoroon                               :S:Ill:                   yövuoro
yövuorolla                              :S:Ade:                   yövuoro
yövuorolta                              :S:Abl:                   yövuoro
yövuorolle                              :S:All:                   yövuoro
yövuorona                               :S:Ess:                   yövuoro
yövuoroksi                              :S:Tra:                   yövuoro
yövuorotta                              :S:Abe:                   yövuoro
yövuorot                                :P:Nom:                   yövuoro
yövuorojen                              :P:Gen:                   yövuoro
yövuoroja                               :P:Par:                   yövuoro
yövuoroissa                             :P:Ine:                   yövuoro
yövuoroista                             :P:Ela:                   yövuoro
yövuoroihin                             :P:Ill:                   yövuoro
yövuoroilla                             :P:Ade:                   yövuoro
yövuoroilta                             :P:Abl:                   yövuoro
yövuoroille                             :P:All:                   yövuoro
yövuoroina                              :P:Ess:                   yövuoro
yövuoroiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yövuoro
yövuoroin                               :P:Ins:                   yövuoro
yövuoroitta                             :P:Abe:                   yövuoro
yövuoroine                              :P:Kom:                   yövuoro
yövyntä                                 :S:Nom:                   yövyntä
yövynnän                                :S:Gen:                   yövyntä
yövyntää                                :S:Par:                   yövyntä
yövynnässä                              :S:Ine:                   yövyntä
yövynnästä                              :S:Ela:                   yövyntä
yövyntään                               :S:Ill:                   yövyntä
yövynnällä                              :S:Ade:                   yövyntä
yövynnältä                              :S:Abl:                   yövyntä
yövynnälle                              :S:All:                   yövyntä
yövyntänä                               :S:Ess:                   yövyntä
yövynnäksi                              :S:Tra:                   yövyntä
yövynnättä                              :S:Abe:                   yövyntä
yövynnät                                :P:Nom:                   yövyntä
yövyntöjen                              :P:Gen:                   yövyntä
yövyntäin                               :P:Gen:                   yövyntä
yövyntöjä                               :P:Par:                   yövyntä
yövynnöissä                             :P:Ine:                   yövyntä
yövynnöistä                             :P:Ela:                   yövyntä
yövyntöihin                             :P:Ill:                   yövyntä
yövynnöillä                             :P:Ade:                   yövyntä
yövynnöiltä                             :P:Abl:                   yövyntä
yövynnöille                             :P:All:                   yövyntä
yövyntöinä                              :P:Ess:                   yövyntä
yövynnöiksi                             :P:Tra:                   yövyntä
yövynnöin                               :P:Ins:                   yövyntä
yövynnöittä                             :P:Abe:                   yövyntä
yövyntöine                              :P:Kom:                   yövyntä
